 how many glasses of water do you drink a day?
oh. yeah. no loving for nikki. poor nikki. she's too emo.
  Yes. all the time :)
 Why do people think that swaying their arm back and forth would change the direction of a bowling ball?
damn kenny u need emotional condoms and shit son.
Pretty much  but now there will be less AIM errors! Weeeee  you can see that I don't type like a retard!
fuck yeah bra
Damn the consequences.
Awwww....DUDE. That sucks!! Hope you find a paperclip and a rubberband!!
if gov is going to make it "uncomfortable" to be fat & expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
Damn! It gets so cold u have to plug it car in. That's rough. How many hrs of sunlight do u get?
  wtf bxtch clea it iNeva ben ta hiz house
  are you serious??? does she have a myspace im very confused  ill unlock my old picture album on my myspace  pics from 2 years ago  go look  and they are in photo bucket? send me a link please.
you're so gay. I hate lonestar.
basically we agreed that you/http://lofistl.com are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
(And damn those typos!) lol
that sucks.
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
  Yes. Karma :]
biggest loser contest  SFL sponsored "advice" and recipies in my inbox  walking clubs...you name it.
enjoyed reading your article ! shame I have such a bitch for a boss ;-)
I hate ism's as much as the next guy but when the shoe fits...
 What colour is your bedroom painted?
  Nahhhhh just when its like get a room suckin face all over the place touchy public kissing hah
  no but i should more often im sure
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
 what time is it?
 dont you hate scarlett though?
 We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
Awww  but I'm a nerd. (Does that help any? :) )
 Graphic novel class? I hate you but I love you but still I hate you and oh yesh  Hows ya boy JImmy?
 do you know who this is?
Bad teeth? My husband is retentive about tooth care-his teeth are rotting themselves....sucks either way.
& @kmellon:  I'm 500 pages in AND at the day job.  Eat that dick.
  Like a week. hahahaha
 Would you ever travel out of state to see a band that you like?
damn ecoterrorists! he shoulda just rented a helicopter  better for the enviroment anyways.
 Whatu2019s the best feeling in the world?
  Werewolf -AkA-  Jacob's Pride lol! His good part! lol
sears baby. I used to sell a ton of those. :) I hate ceran tops anyway-the tales ARE true.
DION WHAT THE FUCK YOU SAYIN? LOL.
LOL - goodluck with that - I HATE workign on my resume.  Good luck with your job search
Oh that sucks!!! So they were able to retrieve them :-(  I am so sorry!  That is my worst nightmare...
 Have you ever fell in love with someone who you knew was no good for you?
dating a 4 year old? Damn. You're faster than me. I only caught 3 year olds name.
damn. Don't want to visit a country that doesn't allow passport smile. Just want to go to Cabo soon.
  probably not
if you tweet about that damn song one more time.... And its on the Scion double disc promo cd
oh come on. I mean  we all love to hate MyZou  but it's one thing to hate MyZou and another to take a time machine to the 70s.
nope  I kept fucking up anyways
no I hate the news! They showed that 51 things girl. It was like they discovered it but it was featured!!
 NOPE IM NOT BIANCA EITHER:) heres a clue...i come from new zealand;) LOL
I love that line. And Steven Stills. In a non-gay-roommate way.
I've asked him for a sentence about him for ages :-) The whole about section on .org sucks and needs a refresh
I hate when I text somebody and they immediately call me.  Hey fuckface  if I wanted to hear your ugly voice I would have called you!
I hate it when that happens!  Forgeting badge.
  Hmm..i had been sick all wk so Ive only been around Timothy. And well I texted chels. So i guess just them two. Oh and you :) your questions make me smile sometimes hahaha
  Well that wasn't fair because I was eating while reading this question  so when I closed my eyes... I just thought about how awesome this sandwiche is tasting hahahaha yum. :)
Good point. He followed the same path as  oh  every damn reporter who joins. Well  except the "find the wild sex spots" part.
I spent all last week with that damn song in my head. :)
I relate to that kind of thinking. I hate eating salads (but I eat them anyway) and I feel I'm justified to reward myself!
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
 Would you be able to make it through basic training for the military?
odd  Bloxx banned worstseoblog on my system "Prohibited by URL database (Hate-and-discrimination)". GAH.
a fat boy sweet talker?
Okay  now we've established that  would you go gay for $7?
#NAME?
omg! that really sucks! anything serious?
I hate FCC they are evil
Like fuck I am.
...aka my son." Lol damn u twitter limit
I hate iMovie 2008. I downloaded the older version.
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
  Indeed(: Lol
I hate doing laundry PERIOD
 Miley &amp; Bieber!!!
calm the fuck down boo..lmao
@hermanos @jamessime wow I totally know that fine line between love and hate! #dead_by_january_i_didnt_sign_up_for_this_shit
  <3 i love you!!!!!!!!!!!! LDS
lol. I know  she's a mess. But ya ass was not getting up.
  right now...rollerblading :)
if Q is there tell him he sucks. He's dark and plays suspect lol
haha. word. i'm having a glass of wine and retooling my erotica blog project. if i'm gonna be all emo i may as well channel it
yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
-  i have a shirt from chopper dave that says "they made me hate" on the front.  that could be the one for tomorrow.  LOL!
  eagle
  A L W A Y S : ]
oh man that sucks!! LOL
Never watched Thundercats  it was actually Hard Gay HOOOOO. If you don't know him  YouTube it. LOL it's great! (and not gay porn)
I hope someone is getting injured in the process of the REAL LIFE PILLOWFIGHT FUCK YEAH
hugs hugs hugs you are good we are very happy with you and love you and don't hate you.
  I care wayy to much.
  Actually i do!!! Just my whole experience with this fake a$$ friend!!</3
I hate all my classes. None of them are interesting :( (Classes = lessons in US I s'pose)
 hahahahaaha the way you were them makes you appear that way.
Coltrane video kicks some ass. I can't get text zooms and pans as smooth as yours. What prog. did you use again?
 Graphic novel class? I hate you but I love you but still I hate you and oh yesh  Hows ya boy JImmy?
i hate putting it away  sorting  washing  drying is fine  putting away  hate it!
http://twitpic.com/py9p - HER ass is on top
 Do you think demons are real?
Noah and the Whale!? That makes me think of Saturn commercials. :)
what the hell is the point of tweeting from an ipod touch if you are just going to use the mobile web interface. get a fucking app
 Why are u goin to North?
  in my head :]
 What is your favorite flavor of water?
that's excellent advice. thanks. i'd hate to be trapped by my own clothes
 NOPEEE!! my name starts with b :O
hangs longer than u while u lay there on ur ass! 1 day u gonna look back @ these days & ask urself where did ur life go?
 I hate when it's implied I'm not evolved enough if I dislike something. so I don't mind it in some books....but usually there's
i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
cause cleaning is such a bitch.
http://twitpic.com/py9p - HER ass is on top
says "ahaha thankss. my auntie kim always says it grassy ass=] she's amazing."
  hmmm ...should i answer this question? ha. Hacker!! jk.
damn.  did you buy bitchy too?
 What&;s the most spontaneous thing you&;ve ever done?
who cares about normal people? Normality sucks.
Ohhh I hate snow days because then we have to make them up later.
@folub i'm hammered and want you both at Hot Damn.
  jesus!
the iced media party. Long ass day at the office  time for a drink or 3
ah sucks  maybe Redcliffe then  I guess it depends on what time I get up tomorrow haha
 Have you heard a new song today?
lmao ikr. I knew you would hate it. I couldn't watch it without laughing hysterically
 u like somebody at lakes?
I hate that too!!
I realized I typed Laughing Ass My Off instead of LMAO XD huahahaha... keyboard-brain-error :P
Yeah I was following that. That sucks :( Any night with a Dane Cook movie sucks either way though.
try telling your parents that you don't want to see them. see how well that fucking works out for you  yeah?
 What&;s your favorite type of flower?
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
Drake.  He knows his mother was a bitch.
I don't care about his fucking kids.....I want JP's kids head on a plate.
  idk there are a ton of disease out there. but if your just wanting a random disease to look up and learn about. Look up INFERTILE SCHITZEPHRENIA. Its when a child or adolescent is very smart but go into stages and suck their thumbs and act as if they are two or three to  get attention. like an adhd child would run around crazily to get attention. its pretty bad.
if we can get a big enough turnout. i can line up some sponsors for a kick ass reception. we've got till then to grow the #tpt
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies & sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
  cry like a baby
damn  dude. nice find. awesome work in there.
fuck. YOU. Lost the game.
 If your eyes reflected everything you have ever don  would you look people in the eyes?
damn! I guess... Well... Cough cough... I... *smiling*
ooo tht sucks...happens to me all the time when I drink 5 hrs...
  hahah yeah he is my husband :) and i willl!!!!!!!!!!!!! thankyou :D
I'd hate to see you become a Twitter Widow.
damn right it should!  It's a mighty fine word!
  I do yoga. :]
Hate Wall-E? Your girlfriend has no soul. EAT HER.
jeez im right here  how many times do i nee....DAMN i dont think youre talking about me AGAIN  you need to be more accurate
You are sooo damn going! ;__; Don't ditch Derek on his special day!
oh gdnss  jus saw vlog. WOW  I met that fool yrs ago @ MJ restaurant DC.  What a loser!
 HAHA jk i love you tabi(: (i tried to scare you) hahahhaa.
 do you think your photogenic?
'Night Guy' is ALL motivated @ 11pm but he knows 'Morning Guy' is gonna hate him when Miss Emily arrives at 5:30am ;-) Night Tweets!
I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
 Why do doctors leave the room when you change? They&;re going to see you naked anyway.
 Would you like to go to space?
i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
  SUPERMAN!!!((:
  nope. i love to claim it :)
hate u
Also  I caught that "Gai-damn" earlier  and I support it 100% ;)
In WOMANIZER? I know I just saw it for the first time. She is fucking hot again. Goodness. "I'm a Slave for you" = Hottest
 I do. Why is it Americans feel the need to be an ass when they travel?
My age group was courrupted at a young age. Damn interwebs. Then again  I don't anyone my age irl who is in fandom/reads fanfic.
 I think ur not pretty. Sorry.
Isn't any way you file taxes the gay way?
Hood has apparently lost his mind. Sucks for him.
 i want you dead.
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say "you bitch!" randomly in the middle of it.
Damn you to hell for getting my hopes up. I though you were talking about Daley.
 if you could live anywhere in the world where would you live
he was given one extra ticket from a coworker so henceforth my ass stays here.
 worst food you&;ve eaten that you almost throw up?
damn straight! I say you  me and danie have an epic rap party over break since we'll all be off. Yes?
  k
 How has 2010 been for you
we lose perspective living around so many fit austinites. I freak every time im in htown b/c of all the public smokers.
 G!v3 m3 d@+ f3r0c!0u$ d!(k
Don't fuck with a don at this foodsies shit.
Sigh. Fuck 4chan.
@markmancao haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
Fuck dude  you manage to do this every week!
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
Do you really have a big man ass?
Depends on if the cookies go straight to your ass  thighs  or tummy I guess.  For me  I definitely bake my ass on.
  maybe if i was really that desperate.
ass balls... lmfao.
Awww  thanks. &lt;3 You're pretty damn cute yourself!
dont stick up for @primeluva..homeboy is fat! Lay off the ceviche my man!
there was no fucking egg nog at the store i got a low fat chocolate milk fuck this bullshit
  Yeah it definantly has a smell. Distinctly sex smell..haha
i hate to say it  but i caught the tail end of his perf on SNL  and he sounded hoarse or something
K so you hate me tell me why and then I'll never twitter you again
take the damn job even if it's just a meager stipend!
  Wild flowers. <3
EW! I hate waking up that early.
 What&;s the most delicious meal you&;ve ever had?
i hate u. looooooool
 have you ever experienced feeling the urge to fart inside the elevator? tell me what happen. =)
another week?! I NEED a haircut like YOU need a hole in your head! (i will grow it to my ass if you want)
is het -5?! fuck..
i'm late but my damn pic mail ain't sending nowhere. they said i need to add the app? wtf?
God damn. That's some stocking up.
oh god I begged for that big head Rainbow Bright doll n got it lol even had the sheet set lol damn I was corny back then lol
"hey've just proved how fucking irrelevant they are" ..By making you go and read them?
unless you don't give a rat's ass if she catches you.  or if you even HOPE she catches you.  or if you're in the bathroom...
 Do you know how to change a tire? Change oil? Change a spark plug?
Fuck.
 wat state do u live in?
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
fuck you and your weather...I will beat you soon with the california sun and constant 75 degree weather! You just wait and see!
What's with the iPhone hate?
Your chappy is fucking gorgeous inside and out  by the way. And thanks for the nod in the acknowledgments! Fucking beautiful!
we all fucking know better.
 You guys have funny answers :] Do you read peoples answers to your questions like i do? :D
Will they be your bitch?
  hahahahahaha yess. :)
Haha  okay! But since I was the total nerd in school  that feels like 'talking in class' to me  LOLZ.
fuck. :( &lt;3
  Studying to be a nurse. Working to save the world with kindness <3
the other thing I hate? You can't rate Podcasts or tunes downloaded via iTunes. Aaargh. This is why I still use Juice.
you work in cape cod. why the fuck am i up so early. argh  stupid cousin &brother.
oh well now i feel like a dick :(:( i wasnt actually angry anyway  im going to bed now  so i would have been ditching you lol
That Sweeeet fukn ASS!
you're gonna get fat!
That sucks:)
 Hahaha ohmyGod you are an actual jerk
Connection interrupted. God damn.
 would you date a complete babe even if you were..(key word were) straight?
hate me?..... If anyone needs me ill be bawling in my room for 3 years 2 months and 4 days..
it's a murphy's law type show. Like oh my god  it can't get worse... oh damn  it just did  lol. I feel for the guy  lol
 Do you think famous people have the right to have a private life?
  america is where i want to spend the rest of my life. but i wouldnt mind living in the phillipines for a while  backpack in the european countries for a year or so and then travel around to the southern america countries like peru and aruba to see mayan ruins and jungleness :D I have plenty of place i want to see. Egypt. Bangkok. Paris.
lmao. Does ur Via have big ass rims?
fine I hate you too
Damnit.  I've started a new short story.  About a dentist. Fuck.
fuck you  merten.
 How often do you get the hiccups?
 Did you make fun of people in school?
Love them!  Used to hate them with a passion as a kid but now - I can't get enough of them!! Love them.
well  it is gay hippie stoner music
  Are you a lonely boy?
yeah i just watched that my damn self. ridiculous.
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
Oh Shit!  I am a yoga loser. But not any other kind of loser.  I have already showed up once with no class  alas.
I hate ism's as much as the next guy but when the shoe fits...
 What would you do if you lost your bathing suit while you were swimming?
damn you and your soul-stealing internet comics! i can't leave my house because QC has officially overtaken my brain. thanks!
Yeah  they seemed to have fixed most of the fail whale problems.
gorillas + apes always make me cry. mama apes nursing babies worst. 2nd are bored  ass-scratching primates. but kids dig zoos
I KNOW I HATE THAT! (re: websites with music and no off switch!)
no smart-ass  more than once a year  and believe me  she needs it. Even my cat is disgusted at Ela's personal hygiene issues.
here's a whole damn post with a scribd presentation (how many social media...)..: http://bit.ly/THmH
LOL!!! well we just need to go out and have some laughs tonight!!! i will need a good one after this long ass day
O.o how could i not lol !!! i mean what happened last night when we talked soo much omfg ! it was just fucking amazing
I'm fucking KILLER at the drums
  on what? thanks (:
 What sitcom character reminds you of you?
  yes.
That's how I am thinking about the Rick Warren invocation.  (Damn  the neighborhood is going to be talking about this.)
THATS SOUNDS SO GOOD!!!!! FUCK!!!!!
Wilt fresh spinach with hot bacon fat and top with bacon!
Damn! What are you  Jordan's personal assistant? Okay  I'm sorry! I won't anymore
Fat Ladies ... England ... yeah I hear ya ... *giggle* ......... (was that unfair??)
 If you were given a brand new yacht  what would you name it?
ha! Go fuck a chickhen!
I always respond to that use of gay by asking if the subject really is "fag-o-licious".
FUCK YEAH BIOSHOCK! Tell me how the apartment hunt goes!
Have you tried 'fuck' and 'Fuck'? (yes  they are different)
 Would you ever allow your spouse to go to a strip club?
  i didnt know there was an OLD zealand.
Nerd.
was it the Nigella coca cola ham? that pig rocks!
have a safe flight.....damn now you make me want some jamba juice
 How do you handle your emotions when you&;re sad? Do you direct more anger  tears  or endless thoughts [quiet!]? Explain.
Wendy's - Oriental Chicken Salad w/ grilled chicken.  Way good.  I think it's 20 grams of fat just in the dressing  tho! Argh.
Blue better be your color  chick. Fuck.
ohhhh man. that sucks. I thought it was tonight. Sorry peeps.
I'd imagine!  I've seen some pretty fat raccoons this season out here in Kitsap  too.  never much in a hurry  either...
I just assumed when you said "meet" you mean suck his dick  cuz that's what you do when you go to "meet" people.
girlfriend where the fuck did u find that photo! lmao!
 when ever you go to google translate  DONT USE IT!!! trust me....
  i wish i did.
  nooooo.
fuck yo couch! In yo face!
  Hmmm.. its a tie. I loved all the Bailey School Kids Series and Dr. Suess books. But the BFG. All time favorite childhood book.
 yew miss mhe lolss
 How many drinks does it take before you get drunk?
wristband is shipping can they put those assclowns in the mail next to be delivered to an ass whoopin?
shouldn't you be working instead of fucking around on twitter?
"
Aw  I know  I was just being emo haha.  It's been a LONG week on a lot of levels.  ha.  Let's do something fun tonight!
  k
bitch you love me!
 I am off for the night. I have to try to get some sleep. Leave me things? Thank you! <3
 hehe. exactly ;)
fuck u asshole we aint even watchin the game shyt we slda goten closer so i cn c betr.how r those cheerleaders 4 ya
I don't bother arguing that about Bush anymore because people who admire him have damn near no power post-2008 elections.
happy brithday dumb ass :) have a good one  you AMAZING PERSON YOU ..LOL
  Ohhkayy! First offf i was playin  i mean he is a really nice person dnt kno him like all that! Bhut u should ask him!
dont hate me. i cant go either. cause the tickets are ridic expensive. and all sold out except for the most expensive ones.
i mean he acts like he is thankful for his fans but i think its all an act cuz he sucks at giving info/directions #$%# sorry again
It was  a ROTTEN Oak. Damn thing is about hollow.
Have you heard any J-Fish songs. if you want a sneek peak I can send you a few songs =) I have all his CD's I'm a J-Fish freak lol
 have you ever had sex?
That sucks & they're definitely missing out!  People should expand their horizons.
Crying. Literally. You win. I'm destroyed  laughing and crying and I hate and love you all at once.
alright  i can take the blame i guess.. just because you're so damn awesome
 If you could change some things about Cincinnati  to make it better  what would you do?
  Once.
@nakedbard I always hated when people bought practical things like carpet or knife set. BUY THE FUCKING DALMATIAN PEOPLE!
 What&;s your biggest phobia?
  idk
  :D thank you gurl/boy ? I really appreciate it!<33
don't hate the player hate the game
Fuck them!
  kaylas house..................oh yer i went there lol jks...ily kayla:) lol.
3
me board and not feeln good  From to much parting I hate Being alone times like this. I like boys ;-)
 What&;s your favorite drink?
damn damn damn James....
  hahaha thanks a ton. I laughed when I read it :]
  Shore I'd be happy too!!!! :)
we r so fucking on for real. I might leave after Josh  but i can't wait! &gt;_&lt;
  Okay little mad cause of some relationship crap but im over it like always haha
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
 pissed off? I'm ready to go Mumbai on their fucking asses. We're too soft. We need to start blowing shit up.
I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
thanks for the feedback - i dont hate socialmedian  i think with some adjustments it could work fine
I estimated how many hours it would take to redo the program  added on 50% because my estimation sucks and calculated from there.
I'm honestly surprised that u still fuck w/ Twitter.
Oh  conservation you mean! That is a good point.  I admire many socialists but hate their ideals socialism brings with it.
WILL U PICK UP UR DAMN PHONE???
damn now i want some au gratin!
 How do you feel about your hair right now?
get drumk bitch!
btw you rock for the damn near 18 hours of wrestling you sent to my house
it was just a joke man..i wasnt taking the piss out of anything.
Yeah it was four years ago  but I have a long memory. I also still hate the Avalanche even though they've sucked for years. :}
fuck you  merten.
  okay ha
Yep  we have a winner. I flaming gay winner.
--- that shit right there fool ... is FUCKING TIGHT!!!! --- http://tinyurl.com/6fro26
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
:(  sorry..that really sucks.  and right before the holidays.  bah humbug.
 boxers or briefs... or boxer briefs lol
hey Houston isnt that bad...who am i kidding it sucks anus
 Have you ever yelled at a telemarketer?
I'm sorry i got u all involved  I can't wait to see Vick's cry tonight  I'm even skippin a party to see this bitch.
I am all a twitter hahaha! lulz. Shit. Sometimes I hate my job. Ooooh trauma. Later sexy.
God damn it  Louis!
I never took you for a sore (at least for the players getting kicked in the goolies) loser LOL
I don't have a damn clue what you're talking about. I'm just now on Better Halves.
baby  don't hate me. http://bit.ly/nc2u
  I dk what spaghetti bolognaise is? haha enlighten me????
Damn didnt even see that lol  : /
y do u post pictures of fat girls all the time.  Does it make u feel better?
  cremated because i wanna be spread in the ocean.
 If you could ask George W. Bush one question what would it be?
omg that fat dude should not be in leotards idk they made them that big lmao
oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I "fancied a fuck" before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
  with nail grooming tools? file  clippers  no biting people! thats so gross and unsanitary.
  my parents
 what&;s the best movie you have ever seen?
 If you could be a plant  what would you choose to be?
oh LOL I use a client so I never get the fail whale :-p
that sucks...there are however some decent comic shops in dallas. and MANY half-price books. mecca for cheap trades.
me too i hate school it's supose to snow"
cause every damn tweet has they name in it. i think they payin you ;o)
  HOE-ISHNESS! lol um prob. stupid bitches and SIN! i just sinned!Opppzz
 If rabbitsu2019 feet are so lucky  then what happened to the rabbit?
No  I don't.  I hate downloading crap to my phone.  Feels like I'm bogging it down. I'm weird.
yet fear seems like a cop out too  i eat my words...Hate is ugly
damn kanjiong.. lol but its kinda expected la.. when the eclipse go away
  sharing my most intimate thoughts with another being  my boyfriend. i used to hate telling anyone anything. but i dont now.
stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
  Ahh.. Probably Cookies! D:
 whats the most entertaining event youve ever been to?
keep in mind that everyone at the airport got up this morning and decided they were going to fuck you.
  if its someone that
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
 Tabi  now what&;s going on? D: Text me. (:
Sorry man  hope you stop ass bleeding soon. (wow that was awkward just thinking about it)
I don't think he's stupid  so I'll just assume he's a disingenuous cunt instead
nick that video is so fucking killer
  (: ahaha hii ceara..
you ass. Yay Walmart!
It's just crazy. This boy is fucking up my sleep schedule. Probably why I don't mind too much. ;)
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
nigella is a bit of a tease I reckon  imagine how fat you'd be stayin at hers
nah the ass whoopin was serious. But I can see he didn't want me getting too "hooked" at an early age... Oowee too bad
We've maybe had 1" total here across 3-4 different "snows" My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
 If you were abducted by aliens  would you tell anybody? Why or why not?
wx in ny sucks! haha lots of snowww and blowing wind!
No God no. Fuck no. Fucking fuck god no.
Damn! Break me off some bread!
wow... I feel like a real loser now! ; ) haha  better get my but in gear!
remind me to tell you about screaming at our fat naked neighbor at our old place.
  yeah i would say so.
 Haha and we both sat in that chair in Starbucks and we were taking pictures and everyone was staring at us
well either wy thy like dick wayyy to much.
DAMN.
damn Vness finesse
i fuck wit u.  u got skillz homie.
Damn  dude... that made me laugh really  really loud.
Yes! the shower scene is what totally sold me! LOVE it! Hate to say it but I kinda like his body too.
  how crude people are. all people.
yuck... that is going to take a long ass time...
fuck. :( &lt;3
 Are yu shy when yu first meet people or are yu the one who always sparks up the conversation ?
girl!!! where you parked? that sucks!!!!
HUJIKHJKUILJKKJ Lmaoooooo. I cannot stand y'all asian ass ho's.
I was trying 2 use it the other day also & had the hardest time. I said fuck it &just called the person. It wasn't working.
 Do you stroke your pussyr r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r CAT?
That's what sucks: I don't actually get to do it. I just had to prove I could plan it out. -KayCee
I hate to point this out  but didn't you call Death Race awesome? DR will make my bottom 10 list w/o a doubt.
is Rosario still dating Dame Dash? saw her n Olivers Stones Alexander..she stuck out like a stripper at a male gay bar..literally
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
That  too! Or even being able to park pulling in forward rather than backwards--I hate when the car behind me pulls up and BLOCKS!
point taken. fuck.
  lilgego1youngg@yahoo.com
  Well i do now :p
 Do you have any piercings?
WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
I hate when that happens. I have been misplacing and losing things a lot lately though
wristband is shipping can they put those assclowns in the mail next to be delivered to an ass whoopin?
damn  girl lol. do you kill 'em w/ kindness in real life too?
being a nerd with a camera downtown http://snipurl.com/9a5ct
GET your fucking act together! Can't you see what a waste you are? Look around you fucktard  the world is waiting. TICK.TOCK.
 If you were given the chance to take care of a monkey for a weekend  would you?
Dick through brains
i get that ha ha smart ass :p
and we'll drink them with our pinkies up...because we're cl-ass-y like that.
 What is unbelieveable to you?
damn girl. that was fire!
 the guy at lunch at ur table at school who u hang out with and talk to he is HOT
it means - the fat beauty and yes lost 43 kgs thru heavy dieting n working out at the gym 6 days a week - that was 3 yrs ago
man! and you're texting while driving? haha crazy! damn you're lucky. i wish my parents would let me go! 30% chance i'm going
I know  but I hate it more when I lose a subscriber. It's like they decided they didn't like you anymore or something.
It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
no fucking crazy josh!!!!
Scale: Brat on one side  Pacer truck on the other.... Oh. Too close to call. But  I must say  those backward seats kicked ass.
 Do you know I took my backround picture?(:
dude that sucks. On NYE nonetheless. Got a sore throat myself  hoping it's not strep. :-(
Bitch I will cut you! @strong_bow Whatever happened to just smoking weed? @inject Because it makes us feel so good.
enjoyed reading your article ! shame I have such a bitch for a boss ;-)
You clearly said "Would I have to fuck anyone"
Oh  you bastard.  You couldn't wait until I'm not busy.  I'll probably catch the tail end again.  Damn it all.
I'd be a lot more sympathetic re the Jets if you didn't look like Tricky Dick.
So you hate the new trackpad? *sends Jack's Xmas present back to Apple* *innocent whistling* :D
  formspring. by far :]
Do you realize your comment on parents dying comes off as a tad insensitive? like a "sucks to be you" comment
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn ' like it hit   me bac
  lol no
Ye Olde Cock looks nice.
eww  that sucks. hopefully u have off soon?
You fucking rock =)
  Spring(:
http://twitpic.com/v2mo - lol.. hate u both..
canadians always make me think shut your fucking face uncle fucker!   http://kenny.smoovenet.com/grabpics/terrance.gif
I'm calm  but not a happy camper. It's Jim's birthday  Andi phoned for PC help today...and my home's been invaded. Fucking hell...
  the way i want to lol :]
i hate when i miss mac chats! grrr
hmm so thats suk your soul hate and reinvent you to get my dry cleaning hate?
:( hope you feel better tomorrow...sucks to be sick to begin with  but having to go to work on top of that...double yuck!
Ugh  the bane of my existence.  Hate them.
Lol I missed this due to fail whale but I KNOW you probably were up before me...
i'm with you on the new yrs res! i'm 10lbs chubbier than i was 8 mos ago and i ALSO thought i was completely immune to fat! :(
If you hate that kind of revisionism  you'll probably hate "Code Geass". Japan is like the South when it comes to its war history.
whooo.  did you have to choke a bitch?
 She is as dirty as they come  and that crook Rengel  the Dems are so fucking corrupt it's a joke. Make Republicans look like  ...
the fuck shit is this? people died for less. lol
I hate the gym 2. I go cuz i must & try to make it fun  i said TRY. BUT OMG i am talking myself out of going 2day...HELP ME JESUS!!
so fucking angry all the time
of course @bapper is cold..he eats picked radishes all winter..if he had some whale meat he'd be fine..
i like to fuck when i tweetup.
old ass nigga!
 you&;re fucking pathetic
here's some cock for u http://twitpic.com/rrvm
 why did you fuck it up. I could do it all day too. Let's do it when you have an hour. Ping me later to sched writing a book here.
 something you regretted after it was done?
  what is nature tripping? like hiking??
are you sure they weren't looking for my blog w/ "wine bottle in ass"??
LOVE the video of you skating and cursing. love it when you say fuck...kinda sexy LOL..how did you learn to skate so good?:)
  Haha! Staring at my doctor thru sunglasses while he was in my mouth! HAHAHA!!!
Damn. Didn't see that one coming. I must be getting old. &lt;3 U 2  btw.
lol. understandable. it is a refined taste  and I'd hate to get you accustomed to that lifestyle. :) To each his own.
 If you could have an endless supply of any food  what would you get?
jacob sucks  i hate the werewolves  im with the vampires GRR
LOL SHE SAID YOU CAN HAVE HER SWEET VAG / ASS IF U PAY HER LOL !
I fucking know! I bet some asshole offered more. Such a bullshit lie. And I've been waiting for packages and NOTHING!!
  i didnt reallly get into trouble so much in school. I got a like 4 detentions for being tardy in the mornings. hahaha i was bad for that.
FUCK.
got to love a good sunset...  I just hate this time of year leaving work and it's already dark outside :(
I miss being here...wish they had corporations here instead of a damn AQUARIUM! I miss Jimmies hotdogs...that dog food be JUMPIN! LOL
  yes
"background too damn busy" I'd much rather c your "Red Planet" there - so incredibly eye catching  extraordinary  wild  gorgeous
hate that place! Oh...i got my camera. The D40! It is amazing. Thanks for the help.
  Idk cause it has a great beat. Jim cracks corn and i dont care  jimmy cracks corn and i dont care... hahaha
don't you just hate that?! Especially when it is over the most irrelevant crap
 lyrics for You Should Have Killed Me When You Had The Chance ADTR
work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having @ 11am.
 are you reliable?
 Name a song you know all the lyrics to.
I hate #magpie and I don't think it's neat. LOL
  a scientist lol
Fake ass Left Eye.
damn  that sux
 I'd like to get a signed copy of 'Running Like a Fat Bastard'. Pleez. Only this will complete my fitness lit collection.
Whoa. Marc Blucas' new hair is a fucking crime against humanity. The horror. From loveable goof to douchebag  instantly.
http://twitpic.com/vk9k - Dick Whittington's Lolcat: NICE SPACE TROUSRS  BOSS #twitpanto
  they made me shit ;0
Thats pretty damn awesome! Very smart :) @Aaronage Sure!
"Big Ass" was this past weekend and went well  #2 (Last Minute Maul) is this weekend.
 Would you be willing to become extremely ugly physically if it meant you would live for 1 000 years at any physical age you chose?
Certainly keeps me thinkin'.  DAMN da Vloggerhood for makin' me think!
seriously. so precious. I laugh every time i think of Nate rocking out to that shitty ass band.
 thanks! so are you! :D
  the cheesey kind
damn I should check twitter in the morning I guess  I would have known how bad out it was thanks to you! Yet I fell on myass
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
  .
  Nope
Don't fogret how hamas took over Gaza executing Fatah throwing off skyscraprs. Some palestinians hate hamas more than israel #gaza
  whats my birthstone?
 what song best describes you?
Damn  I only got 1. I'm gonna get a complex now.
More Snow The More I Have To Shovel :( I HATE THE EASTCOAST :(
Sure is  and it's about damn time too! The whole LJ server move screwed it up for a bit.
Marc got home ok...but said he might've fuckied his rim up. I told his ass the pierogies & sausage wwere gonna knock him out....
I concur  my ass is thoroughly kickled after that yoga class.
girl these kids are lazy these days  you gotta stay on them.  my oldest is a neat freak  but those other two..... DAMN!
you're gonna get fat!
- hate to tell u but u'v been Lucy for quite some time now miss...
fuck duke!
Kurt you're on the most watched tv station in central Ohio  your ass should be #1 already LOL. I'm just cooler than you!
 -question-
That sucks. My MBP came with a DVI out and a VGA adapter dongle.
YOUR INSANE BABBLE  HAVE YOU LOST YO DAMN MIND?
don't forget ppl sitting around working in a tshirt/boxers lol. J/K  my wife is a neat freak & believe it or not I kind of am too
enak aja! nick carter ga gay!!
Thanks  Yeah shes fine they have her sedated..we hate hospitals so she was being a bit rude. So they knocked he out!
I know what u mean  my IM2 HSDPA sucks as well
lmao!! caught dat ass talkin smack!! you dont want it with Bubbz NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!
  i miss youuu <3
  Dance the robot. :]
pussy!? :)
you're a nerd fail
 Everyone Look  This Girl Was Using Missy Lockes Pictures And I Told Her She Was Fake  Then She Was Like Im Not Fake  Then She Took Bettys Pictures. SHES DUMB! http://www.formspring.me/LMT23
  Nahh because If i cared what others thought about me i would never get to think about what i care about. Caring about what others think is a waste of all time in my opinion. Its my life. Ill live it the way I want
Hell yeah! With their invisible sneaking nonsense. I almost want to play as one some time to fuck with people though.
new years is going to be bomb as shit. Sippi and Indi are fucking the shit out of Tennessee.
  yes but i dont much anymore..... things for others is most fun!
whoa you said cunt.. that kinda turned me on ;)
nah  i told him to text me when he gets off; i hate texting him @ work because he takes 4-&gt; to respond! lol
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
aliea you better stay away from jesse james joplin the third!!!!!!!!  i don't give a fuck  bitch
it was just a joke man..i wasnt taking the piss out of anything.
Damn Karrine  they are trying to get at you bad  tonite.. whats with all these twaters!!
  NO NO!!!!!!!!!!!
usual but it used to piss me off.
 ! w@nn@ fuck y0u. @nd y0u d!d f0rq3+ @b0u+ d@+ h03 VvV
 Man that sucks.Sorry to hear hope all goes well
 What can you smell right now?
I hate it when that happens to me  I take tablets to get to sleep but they don't always work. They're kicking in now though!
  idk lol
  aaron carter  bayside  secondhand serenade  hoping for haley  and carrie underwood
damn -- http://tinyurl.com/7b7nze
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
it's the damn music  ugh  terrible!
  folded
hate you both!!
you are SUCH a fucking dork
  carrie underwood concert. it was awesome :]
I think I got it. Thanks Zac  you saved my ass.
  yepppppppp
  L O V E broccoli. cheesey broccoli hahaha
 you came up with angry gay guy...
  Haha...when i turn 60 ish ask me this! lol
  1. sky dive 2. bungie jump 3. visit all the states 4. go to as many concerts as possible 5. spend a day hanging out with some celebs :D 6. travel the world  7. visit all the disneylands in the world 8. work at a job that i love  9. have a family  10. idk for this one haha
 What is the silliest thing you have done?
45 windows and only 12 open and about 30 people on break I mean I want 23 a hour to do not a damn thing
I bet we are freezing more than you are. The North sucks. Ugh!
  both. but usuallly make them
figures...i hate when channels advertise for other channels...
you hate is soooo cute though. &#9786;
WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
Damn!! Thats cold! The reason I'm always there for my kids!
  Hahaha Bitch i bring it lmao! Kinda i think lmao! I hve some black in me so yes haha
fuck off
 Do you listen to music every day?
FUCK YEAH.
i twissed you! (twitter-missed yo ass).
  I love youu too<3
 i see you got a volleyball net.
 M@ pu$$zzy +!qh+3r d3n +!q3r w00d$ $vv3@+3r.  ! knoww how +@ h@v3 @ q00d +!m3 !n d@ b3d.  ! d0 k3q@l 3xc3rc!$3$ +@ +!qh+3n !+
  a debatable question.
eeeeew  I wanna cum ;)
if the sweaty ping pong player you're referring to is me  then I hate your guts.
 I loveeeeeeeee u Alexisssssssss! your teew fukinn beautiful :)
Is like putting Lipstick on a Pig!  You were perogued! LIVE WITH IT! #canadawest
 You&;re a bushwhacking  alchy piece of shit scrub.
Ugh. Crunch time. That sucks. Make sure you get plenty of sleep so you can wake up refreshed and ready to create again. It'll be ok.
and who is gonna MAKE them do business together? You have to understand. Pals HATE Israelis. Wish them ALL dead.
don't diet! I'm not trying until Jan then its hardcore dieting for me! And sucks about your boiler breaking :'(
dead ass lol
ouch...that sucks!  I hope you're feeling better real soon!
Lmao...Crazy ass... "the fear made me do it " I like that  I usually say "the devil made me do it."
  Nope. Just cause i wouldn't do that. Im an awesome driver haha
"I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??" *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
"hate in ur heart will consume u 2" how does that make u sick? dont b a hater on will smith
  i guesss so. ha
.....I.Hate.Him. He's.... UGGG!
I like these ditties. Can we have them? I'll reverse out the type. I hate white t-shirts
 If Uranus had earthquakes would they be called Uranusquakes
  Reow................
awww man sorry to hear you got laid off damn economy sucks :(
yooozers 20 442 damn homie!!!
  Yes i suppose.
  NOpe. I used to but then i deleted it because i liked formspring more and didn't have many followers on it.
- yep  I'm a real ass. Everybody knows that.
YEP! HATE LIFE right now. HE is a computer hacker geek stay@home dad whom THEY HAD to move out of STATE!(she's a DR.) long story~
i thought that movie was damn good  lemme know what u think  cuz i know ur picky
she ain't a bitch I'm just pretty awesome
lol fuck it &#58126;
I hate it when that happens.  Give 'em hell  girl!
i still feel bad. I woke up at 2 am and was like fuck! Then i saw that carly called
i hope you kick his ass(the internet) stomp his crotch and smack'em
Ur damn skippy  love that noise.  Any other recommendations?
damn that's close to where I work
  very much so when it comes to things i believe in or think i should stand up for..
  my fridge
Hell yeah the drunker the better...is drunker a word..more drunk? I think its more drunk? Fuck it our show is hood. drunkener
hehe "fucking shift" ... never heard of it in six months..... u get to fuck in da shift?
I couldn't agree more! love winter clothes  hate the dry hands.
...except for software. In my experience (not nerd cache) Final Cut&gt;Premiere and Pro Tools and Logic Pro&gt;Cubase. Photoshop is =.
Damn skippy. I demand to see you before I leave.  You going to come meet BlendMom?
aah  so TwitOrFit.com is a Twitter/HotOrNot mashup clone. Should've seen that coming. Sucks that you have to login just to vote! :(
damn.. maybe ur next twitmance will be whole ass..
Wanted to change my username -- 'v4sudh4' sucks. At least  'qbarq' sounds  better than 'meow' or 'spherical cow'. :/
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
 Is it wrong I am getting my daughter to paint Xen&;s nails while he is asleep?
awww feel better! i hate it wen tht happens to me
maybe it has something 2 do w/ the unemployment increase. that sucks.
Loser! Are you back for Chrimbo or staying out there?
xD! i know. hmm ....i wonder how it feels like to fuck bingo  hard .....hmmmm  i guss i'll never know D':
damn straight you do
DAMN!  Oh well - I'll meet you at the next one. I think so far it's basically going to be me and a couple of others :-)
yeah... it sucks...
  I was dancing in the kitchen lastnight while cooking grilled cheese for timmy and we were laughing about it cause i was doing the robot out of the blue :)
actually i think that would be Brendon. so we would have rufus_: I hate jackhammers. Brendon: jackhammers??? cupcakes!!!
Started doing 10 a day and just worked my way up over time! Now if only I could get rid of that stubborn last bit of belly fat!
  t tosh and thats it i think lol miss attitude.
about damn time!
 Ever fell for the same guy more than once?
 do you sometimes ask God why things happen to you?
got the "Fail Whale" once already today... :/
  September 22nd<3
  I have a chocolate. r A blackberry would be nice to carry I suppose but its a waste of money. All phones do the same for what I need. textingg :] ha
the punk ass pistons?
easy! keyshia sucks. It's pathetic when an actor makes a better album in his 3rd profession (act  stand up) than you do in your first
 <3
Can he seriously help me out or are you taking the piss of him :)
 and you called me fat why?
lol it alraedy feels like I spent most of my life at HEB...Damn I have after 27 years...sigh
don't you hate emotions sometimes?  Sneaky things.
hot damn! did you get an iPhone too?
Make it again.  I'll post on it.  I have lots of micro-hate.
  thanks lady. :]
Sleep? What the fuck is that?
damn  that's a really insightful way of looking at the structure and process of writing. Helpful  too. Thanks. :)
@petie_martin...shondor shabbos  that's what...shut the fuck up  donnie
that bitch....HAHA
LOL!  I'd damn near have shorts on man!  Everything in life is relative I guess.
you're gonna get fat!
little know fact. Betty still uses a rotary phone in all her damn commercials. Haha
  sweeeeeeeeeeeet
thanks ... i'm still working for that damn six pack. when are you going to train me?
what genre exactly? I hate going to imdb  it is full of spoilers... is it like... rocky horror show ?
 favorite animal?
 Uhm you did  right down there vvvvvvv. You&;re the &;dumbfuck&;.  Stop starting shit with everyone  kcoolbye.
Mine are: oh  work  fuck  fucking  going. Muchly proud. http://tinyurl.com/65kpkr
  Watz ya name lol
oh yeah I hate that stuff.  My feminist side comes out big time. :)
that's the thing i love and hate the most! some peeps over due it  that's what IM is for :D (me doing it now  sheesh)
I HATE that. I have a rhomboid  almost triangular 'washcloth' from learning bark sedge stitch. I use it to scrub the bathroom.
It sucks though when you have nothing to do at 4AM and your roommate wants to sleep.
 i&;m jealous of jaybee
Myspace players seem to hate me. But whatever it is  it will never be as good as Grandpa's Last Christmas
 Grosss! Your face is nasty
I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
why do i look so fat?
No- shopping isn't what sucks! It's the crowds that cause the trouble. haha! Love your website btw!!
Ooooooh - didn't hear that story!  Have a bad feeling it likely makes us (Canada) look like wannabe dorks on the fashion radar..?
damn  i missed it
dang...i need to stop eatting cheese. Damn you kraft!
v3rmillion Sorry must have been all that gay porn I signed you up for.
damn!! *goes off to call God*
not on your life  dick-tongue
still snowing like a bitch here in Tijeras.
 your beautiful  dont be sad :)
  strict. and fun :)
Yeah  it'll have to do until I get the big-ass spotlight with my logo on it.
http://twitpic.com/vk9k - Dick Whittington's Lolcat: NICE SPACE TROUSRS  BOSS #twitpanto
  A picture of me and timothy when we went on a Riverboat cruise and dinner. It was soo romantic :)  I love that picture!
 have you ever had a &quot;cub&quot; sandwich?
you sir  are an ass. ;)
if you hate sprint. try jogging. and stop once and while for eggnog.
Yall damn New Yorkers are something else New Yorkers+Holiday Shopping+Crowded Mall Parking Lot= A bunch of angry people..lol
  not currently
I thought their single wasn't that good. That's too bad it all sucks. But I haven't played out their old stuff too much.
 join my chat http://www.chatzy.com/498131478193
Why do you kombat when I have to leave the computer!! DAMN YOU!!!
:D touche! rockstars @ rockstartups. hehe best of luck wit the 2 boys throwing ideas.damn wish i was there! :(
oh youuuu little bitch. Just keep your winter gloves away from your zipper and i'm sure you'll be fine.
It makes me itchy sometimes. I have a love-hate with the website.
oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
Same for me... Damn you ADD!
lol the fuck what concert was that
 When someone says that something&quot;just&quot;happened  what is the time period That comes to mind?
my best use for twitter: twittering that twitter sucks. Since day one... :-)
 Spam time :))) My questions can be a bit too much so if your not comfortable tell me to unfollow you! Thanks
lol Pre-Monday... ain't that the fucking truth.
 If you had A Big Win in the Lottery  how long would you wait to tell people?
nigga u geigh lmao! fuck yo finals beeeeeitch
Oi you.  I'm no troll.  I sent you one damn tweet.
 What is your goal this year?
you are a twitter/last.fm whore! :P
"ur allllllll i neeeeeeed to get byyyy..ay ayyyy" Luv that damn song!!
my lungs are fine  but my legs are like "bitch  your ass is heavy !! let's stop !".
which keyboard do u hate? I hate iPhone keyboard. Yes touchscreen is cool but I WISH I had actual buttons 2 push! Less typo's
  idk haha maybe beowulf:]
 Are you one of those people that doesnu2019t like chocolate?
 what&;s the best part of your day?
Yeah I was just saying that. Why did CNN decide he would be a good move? He sucks!! I try to support but I can't.......
i hate having to wait till jan. for the big game lol tedious i tell ya
damn that's fucked up Hawthorne is out of the way
 fuck no im not jealous of the ugly ass freak.
I hate it when you get "blue" teeth. LOL
fuck off
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
you are a twitter/last.fm whore! :P
LOL!!  It's ok to admit that you got fat  or phat :-P. Hahahahaha jk :-D.
FUCK YOU RIGHT IN THE FILTHY PUCKERING SPHINCTER YOU CALL A SOUL!
Whoa! What an idea SirJee ... But thanks. I hate kids :-P
hmm well i don't think that she'll hate anyone  its hard to say who she'll like or get along with best though.
Nerd alert!
fuck yeah bra
I'll hate it  because I've been using 55N-40W-170N-OliveW to get to work every morning. Now it'll be back to using 270N  ick.
i'm so fucking sick of being easily disposed of.  what's wrong with me kitty kat?
probably not but who the fuck knows what's going on with this show anymore.
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
  Purple
 How many keys are on your keychain?
yes that is how you reply. Sorry Ava but I hate the Gecko. Lol.
"'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease." -- all of my favorite words...
 have you ever done anything illegal? and if so what was it?
i didn't sign off... i think AIM is being spazzy with me again. FUCKING THING HATES ME AND ALL I EVER DO IT LOVE IT. http: ...
"Your never supposed to go full retard!"
but...but...to hate them is sin!!! just give me the ones you get angry with...i'll take care of them! hahaha
you and me both man...its not the destination thats in question its that damn journey...where is that pesky fast forward button?
Yup. On Thanksgiving day. Fucking cops. ;)
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
LMAO! @ ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
-- damn homie ... in highschool you was the man homie. fuck happened to you?
damn it. i lost any cred i had built up with murs. @srhaber: yes  love the new dcfc record!
That's a damn shame  because they don't do veggie burgers. :)
  Have you ever heard that song by carrie underwood...cheated? that with a little of my own spice. :] ahahaha
fuck you
The custard cream thing makes me crave some proper Bird's custard  as hot as possible. Damn you!
aw that sucks.
i got the whale too.  :(
my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
You kidding  I bloody hate anime  and I liked Bleach.
you really hate katy perry don't you?
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
dude.. That idea is upgrade as fuck. (btw  my phone finally added "fuck" to the vocab list.. THAT is upgrade as fuck.)
 Yes indeed and french vanilla ice cream in it.  It's horribly calorie and fat laden but worth it!
(avec un retard de 5 heures) Bonjour Semio!
 do you like the sound of the wind chimes?
Thai sucks too many peanuts
no im definately a bigger nerd than you.
You are a Linux whore!
 Is there anything that can make you sick just by smelling it?
needs her ass kicked - this is 4 car events in 18 months and keep getting worse
Especially the gay cowboys. Ha ha.
 What was the most recent movie that made you cry?
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
fucking jp losman
  Marissa Nicole Gomez!(:
I missed that?? damn!!
it was 3 years ago I was in San Jose. Liked it but paying state income tax sucks.
omg me too! The holidays need to end now plz. Ppl are soo mean and nothing is jolly or holly! It sucks!
It's a bitch and a half  but worth it.
one of my classmates raised (tacitly) the same comparison. it doesn't make a damn bit of sense.
Sorry for going the obvious/safe/kick-ass-game route: LBP or MGS4 or Resistance 2. All three are really awesome games.
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min & out!
What!? Oh  that sucks!
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
sucks!!! i'm sorry
  Like a gallon :] haha Thats all I drink all day.
Yeah  I mean I know the plan and the creative are kick-ass. But sometimes clients have a warped view.
  nope. dont mock good sir.
lol ok dork  i don't hate you. But g'night.
You're such a nerd. lol
 look inside your bag/purse.. name three things you see
grrr I hate that. I have an ex-friend who only gets in touch when they have something great to tell me about themselves... o_0
That is heresy! There is about 100Pancheros to 1Chipotle down here-it sucks. The first one I had was green cuz of st pats day. Ew
Common is rocking them nerd glasses.
  well today it was formspring but usually facebook
Hey DM me your addy...you get the can even if you don't get the job  'cause I HATE coffee!
Holy fuck yes please.
not a damn thang..the typical rap beef. one person worrying about what the next is doing and the other respondin etc etc
  Yes i do that all the time. haha
I might pass out. awful.i.hate.being.ill. hows Jane Eyre?
 Grandpa lyedd !
 I wouldn&;t say being gay was cool :L
H-A-T-E HATE HATE HATE! But why? Two game losing streak?
I missed you again  damn it.
I hate you .. why can't I go to Vegas ?
because I hate you. The last one I rewrote cuz there was a typo and it was bothering me
im not saying that i hate you or anything  i'm maybe just a tad... whats the word im looking for... hmm  jealous? Congrats! :)
  Just so you know ;)
man that rly sucks. I for 1 am positive that all will work out. You're a bright dude... pretty cool 2 if I don't say so myself.
  hmmm im not sure.
God damn it  Louis!
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
haha no gay stuff is good! cuz i tend to be attracted to females! haha jus chillen getting ready for work!
  Ask your daddy (;
There such a pain in the ass when there gumed up arnt they? u_u The stupid thing is this isnt the first time Ive done that XD
OMG I FEEL SO DUMB THAT WAS FUCKING EPIC
sweet. I'm too chicken to read it cuz I hate "spoilers"';)
I meant a smiley face - darn fat fingers. I love your goal.
that sucks! Hope they come soon!!
damn you for getting the comics up early again o_o it gives me nothing to do before school in the morning D:
Yes you are a loser... I could have told you that a long time ago...
 What is answer you hate hearing?
 Have you ever had a secret admirer? (what did he/she do for you)
WTF emo ass lookin bitch &gt;&lt; *sigh*
Congrats!  You'll have to make us a low-fat treat from it :) #fitfam
I nominate @IgortheTroll cuz he's thee Best Damn Troll we gots!! ;))
  not really
 PHONE SExxx boo!
 GOOD! Now u can bring ur happy lil' ass over here & help me finish hanging this garland.  ;-)
 Do you de-label your beer bottles?
Well good god damn.
eep that sucks! yeah i decided to wax my eyebrows and do my nails insted of homework...
 where you from??
  Yes. because they're awesome and I love suprises.
  Who is thiss fer real??
 Will you b my valentine?
 it contains 610 calories  330 from fat...
sweet but no hurry  I know you are kick ass busy. Also it isn't het...
dont hate ur life! =_=
exactly how does it rain like a bitch? i've always wondered....
I hate the idea of purposeful personal branding. How about just have a personality and be yourself...online and off?
I hate you
 To all the people saying that Tabi is fake: Shut your faces. She isn&;t fake  I know for a fact.
 Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
 Do you have a boyfran?
  yes. i do walks all the time
I LOVE Pocoyo!...because I'm a freak!
did Santa cum n visit u huny?
fuck you I miss the island
  Not fist fight. But a serious fight  yes. haven't we all? ha
#NAME?
 why are you so gay
fuck yes.  I hate them at work...
You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
damn.
that sucks. Wish I could help u. :(
 Do you swear when youu2019re mad?
  its life I suppose.
  hahahaha true lady goo goo
GOOD FOR YOU! Kick ass.
@derekbender It takes a real scumbag to steal from a community. Whoever stole the foosball table can bet I will fuck you up.
Frankly  I'm shocked that they use coal at all around here... HELLO!!! Hydro anyone? There's a fucking OCEAN right there!
  sometimes :) i like her opinion.
 What is your height in ft/in  centimeters or whatever standard of measure you like :]
 If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
you ass. Yay Walmart!
i agree  tooooo damn cold!
hate to hear about your car. Is it the transmission?
yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
I nominate @Badhorse_ for a Shorty Award in #green because... Why the fuck not?
Thinking about response/actions. Have decided its not going 2b ideal 4 anyone. Its sticky bc its family. Theres love/hate/dislike
I don't think gay rights groups could force churches into gay marriage  just as churches can't force gays to become straight #tcot
 What&;s your favorite flavor of jello?
  book :]
fuck you op
As opposed to a non fucking fuck?
Go look at my profile....it's the sixth one down. Do I need to come over and bogart the sticky stuff from your ass?
That sweater looks like Christmas on LSD. Kudos to your husband for donning that gay apparel.
there was no fucking egg nog at the store i got a low fat chocolate milk fuck this bullshit
Damn  give me some dude!  Me like the Generals poultry!
Gypsy bitch!!!!!
it was a coded message to  the world that her music sucks..or maybe corey hart?
why is there cat piss in here??
Damn Danica! I know BK went hard  but shiit...we evoke tears  too? Lol
  nope  dont believe me add me on facebook and talk to my family  go to my myspace and look at my billions of pictures of me with friends  or my taggged pics
fucking buses. One drove straight past me on Friday night  and I was waving my arms like a windmill. Baaaaah!
was  and will later when i feel like it. and you damn well i was. @MiZzJeSs i just moved back to FL from philly lol
 how many people do you know with your first name?
Let your hate for Gambit grow. Embrace it. Spread it.
 Do you like Vitamin Water?
i am doing no such thing fuck you
damn you guys got there early!
fuck you
 would you ever want to be famous? why or why not?
NO. You're in BATH. You worked your ASS off for this. You're coming home to GREAT THINGS. Have FUN FUN FUN. NOW.
p.s. i hate you :)
that sucks *hugs* :(
i hate PC's too!! Argh :-)
stop stealing my schtick  whore!
...they're fucking jeans.
you are not fat! But cardio is always good
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world!? j/k your awesome
  Disney. Pocahontas by far
the early word is the spirit sucks... hard.  i'm a big fan of the eisner comics  but frank miller's take looks a little... meh.
Heading to get the pig soon.
I wanna get him a ring that means "ur a great kid to fuck"
and yes.  true life "i have tourettes" is genius.  so is "i went to fat camp".  lmaooooooo
i think that means ur gay. or a child predator.
your first time? you'll soon be sick of the damn thing...
Clearly  manufacturers rarely use common sense to make customers happy  when they can easily just piss you off and make $$$$
how so? It's more reasonable cause of the smaller age difference...plus Mikey's always sex deprived so he's a fucking animal.
 If you people really still think that Tabi&;s fake  go look at her dang MySpace. -.-
they look SO dumb. and omg i hate cassidee. ugh. just ask @applicantjan LOL ;)
is ok. Just funning you cause I hate your face. &lt;3
damn straight you will be.
LOL damn.. for some underwear.. thats dedication
 LOL FAT NIGGAZ UNITE FATRON!!! HAHAHAHA
  because they dont care
 too late  i hate you
@TanJa_C that might be a girl's car  but it is one damn hot girl's car! It has grrr-power!
get out of my fucking brain!  I am not yours!
  Pool
@lilt601 @wordofsouth who will have the hottest albut out in 09 and I hate managers that try to rap ie L-Bain lol
 If you could be on the cover of any magazine  which would you choose?
did you see Mike Huckabee on Daily Show earlier this week? It got pretty intense with gay marriage topic.
 live with both Parents ??
http://twitpic.com/vme7 - that sucks!
hate you...
 What is the most expensive thing you have on right now?
 Were you ever physically abused?:
If only Edward and Bella were slightly less emo :)
  Suree :)
damn... please teach me to be as awesome as you...
  ehh no i dont think so. I guess i would rather go up and see all the others that have already passed on and catch up with them. :) I look forward to that eventually :)
that was orgasm lipgloss and the matching blush. liner in moracco. i dont recall the rest. P.S. female trouble sucks!
Rooster is LARRY'S bitch!
i quit heroes. nathan is a fucking douche.
You damn right! LOL
 what does it take to make you smile ?
It really sucks  most come on due to too much stress. I cannot control them. It has ruined a lot in my life  but keep pushing on!
  PRIVATE.
I'm celebrating and drinking to the fact you're an annoying fuck :)
hahaha thats my nickname when i piss people off and boyyyyyyy do i piss people off! haha
yo when that dude grabbed the mic and started rappin a big ass lighbulb went on.  that's why he's with her then again it could b love
 Is it ok if I&apos;ve jizzed to pics of you before?
Abrams is Scorsese compared to Lucas. I'd just hate to see Trek and Wars get too similar. Plus I'd explode with fanboy jealousy.
 BETTY IS LIKE ADORABLE. YOU LOOK LIKE A CRACK HEADS SHIT IN A TOILET MY DEAR
MSI kicks ass! Seen them twice. Speaking of bands  the Bloodhound Gang will be a few bands b4 NIN on the Australia festival thing
i was spanked but do not  only because it makes my kid behave worse  so doesn't work. not a lot does work-kinda sucks too.
  tommy pickles. from rugrats
 To bad u stopped talking 2 me.
Damn! He is like the male Rosie O'Donnell.
So if lifes a bitch  and sleep is the cousin of death  that whole dam family needs help!!!!!
And I want a mansion in the countryside  a motorcycle  two cars  wife  kid  dog and a big fat wallet that says bad motherfucker.
Not to me :/ damn though. i hate being sick.
Ohhhh  jeez. That sucks... I hope she gets well!
  Idk Haha thanks but there are always those that are cuter.
I do  but I'm an American. Hence  I'm a pussy.
  Yea y?
ur copping it? i offically hate you! the video it takes is ridiculous.
I hate typoos!!
But Vader had a cool clubhouse... tils his even whinier and more emo son blew it up
@maddow. where is that big gay planet? can I go there now please? someone please fucking segregate me off this rock.
he  he and some people bitch about never hearing back from them ;-)
 do you know how to speak korean?
  thankyou.
fuck u and ur early screenings...jealous...prepare for tuesday mash...im coming with woody to freebirds/mash
dude i love ya but the blip.fm stuff sucks.
but is it colder than penguin pussy?
 Are u a virgin?
yo... you should have another show tomorrow cuz we had to record the past two days... damn albums...
  bath and body for sure :)
Ah I hate doing that because I get confused very easily ... although  it might work with Smallville
i hate planes...just try to sleep. Have a safe trip!
OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
LOL im so sorry im just so fucking high atm !
His name was Richard Bell and he was also a fireman who rescued 12 old people from a tenement fire. NOW who's the dick?
 Whats your IQ?
good! i hate digg...it's way too gamed
  nope
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
sucks man.
YOU"RE A GAY!? .... =) I &lt;3 you
so you going to be ok when you get your double ass kicking from Paul and I?
I hate aol email. its not 1998. wake up.
 u so made up tht guy jaybee
your kind of a such fuck you know that right?
 What a router-nerd.  Building an end table.  Just rough work to practice.
Downey is a freak of actor nature - he makes every character magnetic.  It was a winner.
I hate you .. why can't I go to Vegas ?
 Bitch  you wish. Keep dreamin... =]
you have officially been put on my bread stick mailing list. Fuck those rock republics and eat something already.
him and his damn tech stuff bwahaha
The commercials are just so damn cute! Haha.
 What would be the single most worst thing for you to hear?
OMG marv said he hopes my Areolas implode. now thats demented. i just made a gay website about him  i didnt wish evil upon him!
  okay.
 How many times have you been cussed out? for me its alot cause of work lol
i love your old whorey ass fukka!!
Freak!
I will vent/blog/whine about my poor character judgment skills  and ponder all the jollities a divorce has to offer. And be emo.
  THANKYOU! HAHA
oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
 Any thoughts of Justin?
oh yeah  they are definitely in Norwich. And she had about &#163;50 worth of post  I had four letters to Australia. DAMN THEM!
I want to say Duh (in an I vehemently AGREE way; I hate that blatant noise/disrespect). So  Duh ;-)
  okayyyy. No. No. None.
I'm giving you fair warning to hate; high of 73 on wednesday  78 on thurs
I hate them. I eat them for dessert. I will keep following you. I believe in your cause
  Queen being that im a lady. and Miss Universe to be more exact. That's be awesome! And what I want for one year..who wouldnt want that lol
I know it sucks  but I'm actually envious of you.  Though I have orientation for a tutoring program on the 14th.  Did I tell you?
 Do you cry often or keep it inside?
bad mood. i think its bedtime. i hate alcohol it ruins everything. :( hey what u doin 2night? x
i used to have night shift @ IBM..... but alas without fucking.....
don't hate Suai I'm hilarious.
holy fuck  Sir Charles can't swing for SHIT.  that was AWESOME.  that wasn't a golf swing  that was more like a dry heave.
(RT) Fat Bastard (my beagle) is writing his "tail-all" confessional diary about online dating...
if you add in the massive amount of sustanol and deca hugh jackman did  the arm would grow back stronger..fuck it he'd grow 2
 How many chairs are at your dining room table?
 You can cast any actor now alive to play you in a film about your life. Whom would you cast in the role?
this si true last time i had three w2's its a bitch man i feel your twitter pain
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
fuck u asshole we aint even watchin the game shyt we slda goten closer so i cn c betr.how r those cheerleaders 4 ya
  all time? i have no idea. but i love comedy movies so i watch them pretty often
  Yes. because you think with your heart not your brain  and thats the most dangerous thing you can do. its not using your brain at all?!! Sometimes i wish i had a pair of im in love see past the bullcrap glasses to put on to see a little clearer with days are a little dreary..
damn i hate Ed Hardy
nope  it's spent already unfortunately. Fuck christmas. lol.
that's the coolest damn thing yet! Have you put it on your own website yet? Its a pretty simple ap  just don't use huge pics
makes me want to vomit. i think it's something to with my new comments system though  was fine before that. technology sucks.
 Why do you press harder on the remote-control when you know the battery is dead?
He doesn't seem clueless to me. He seems sweet and cute and witty and eloquent and charming. *swoon* Damn the luck.
shew man! i hate late meetings
is there a good intro to cucumber+rspec? the wiki sucks.
 whuut youu up 2to ? follow me on dis shxt :)
YES. the thing is big enough for my ass plus another half. its like my parents couch.
ass balls... lmfao.
 If a cannible was on death row could he ask for the last guy that was electricuted for his last meal?
Damn. Wizards beat sultans every time. I'll have to try harder. ;)
 Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
I'd bet a tasty Fucking Twix (TM) that such fanfic exists...only it's fetish slashfic involving the Guardian of Forever.
Why does CHUD hate kids so much? 10 years from now  they're your readers!
 Who are you???????????????????????????
 How come sheep don&;t shrink when it rains?
Aah! I actually hate you!
  For suree boo hit me up tonight ! Sikeee!<3
"It was not fun
 How often do you wish you were a kid again?
hate you...
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
  haha thanks (:
DAMN IT EDDIE!
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
  depends on who their spying on.....
  Juss krista as usual..
(cont) I say  the whole sheet costs $8.40... buy one of each and get the fuck out of my way!
damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
I hate taking down the decs. Everything seems so bare...I'll leave my favourite robin up until Tuesday  though.
yeah I know it sucks  but out of chaos there might be a little bit of order...
oh  well yeah  I hate the elderly too.
  Idk I think it swings both ways pretty strongly. The human race is never satisfied and I believe that both sexes have the tendencey to cheat. At all ages and for all reasons.
  hhahahaha okay :) nice opinion.
god damn =/ i remember when i was a pateint gg it sucked so bad i didint get any pain killers dumbasss nurses their omfg...
yeah  it sucks :(
  Life(: haha!! umm idk thats hard!
it's hot here...78deg w/ no wind.  Damn hot hawaiian days :(
 Wait my phone?  -dakota
oh gdnss  jus saw vlog. WOW  I met that fool yrs ago @ MJ restaurant DC.  What a loser!
  Are you anonymous?
"don't hate me cuz i'm beautiful." jk. you're probably too young to have seen that commercial. HA. what's wrong  chippers??
Read your post  "Sincerity Sucks."  Thank you! I feel less guilty for holding certain "sincere" people accountable for actions
 Did you ever have a crush you never acted on?
  cuz they can be deep sleepers haha
Trying. Fuck. It was due "yesterday" and that ended 2 hours and 47 minutes ago.
Epic WINS for Fuck City&lt;3
Im a pig I can squlour (new word again) all I like.
omg ikr? BECKETT~ he'll be like oh god  not them again. fuck and this is a FOB show  weird. lol
I don't know. I be using that SAAAAMMEE damn key!!
the footage is AWESOME AND INCREDIBLE AND SRSLY WORTH EVERY FUCKING PENNY
  BAD! the world without bees would mean we would die out in about 5 yrs..thats really bad! :(r SAVE THE BEES!
my job has made me feel like a tool so i am trying to change how i consume things. fucking cvs.
that is NOT fucking cool how dare she say that.i hate racist pigs! you guys are great ppl and im sorry ppl take advantage of that!
Damn it  I'm runner up again?
 you came up with angry gay guy...
Wtf. Fuck you
  yah dont really need anybodi rite now
I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
Ugh. Probably the same brain-deficient retard who stole my name on Youtube  Gaia  and all the faggy sites. How old is she?
yeah gymboy  time for you to fuck those weights and do some plyometrics
I thought the joke was funny. I hate chicks who are all like "i like to do this and that nautity deed  then u get em alone and
 Sneakers or sandals?
  well r i think i really like my friend.. :/
wow.. Thats how people get fat haha
damn son how do I get jeffstaple status
hey man! You =gay! Lol jk
but seriously...  WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL ONLINE????  Were you injured in god damn 'NAM or something???  GO!!!
  sometimes.
You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
haha someone told me katie (?) was a bitch so I was like ehh. Death cab & JACKS MANNEQUIN FGHSDJ &lt;3 hehe
 Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
LOL  I hate you and your amazing scarf!
Release your anger  let the hate flow through you. And your journey towards the darkside will be complete.
Blow it out your rank ass  cunt face cock-choking bonsai whore beast. LET IT SNOW  LET IT SNOW  LETITSNOW.
 Do you collect people in jars? If so what type of people and why? If you wont put bodies in jar&;s how else do you intend on disposing of you&;re victims bodies? Ask a question back? :)
it was in reference to his gay suit
Yea its got a heatsink bigger than a server lol. Its a great machine. I am loving it except for the leg is bent. DAMN COURIERS GRR
that sounds scary! Hope you didn't have to dive in after him. Hate those scenes in movies - totally afraid of walking on ice.
  yes actually :) you feel pretty awesomely special when your walking in. hahha
I just HATE seeing that pretty face in that sqaure and those clever tweets next to it with "via web" underneath!  *sigh*
 What do you think of the papparazzi?
  Hmm easter. its always within a week or so :)
*watches than throws up* Man  that's was sick as fuck! A glass jar?!?
i was excited about seeing that until i remembered itv have the fa cup rights. god i hate itv
damn ... that sounds real appealing now. Maybe geothermal coupled with wind and solar ... tho maybe heat coils take too much power
 sup e.a
bitch i am an eagle scout i will cut you and then perform rudimentary but effective first aid on you
You did not come off as a bitch.  At least  you definitely weren't as bitchy as I thought I was being.  I've gotten upset now too
 YOURR SUCHH A SLUUTTT
  The way its spelled. Sure.
  kkkkkk
!!!!!!!!!!! FUCK YEAH YOU DID. &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Yeah  I totally hate you so hard right now.
folie a deux  will it get old?! @cassiemeltesen duuude i know this sucks!
You'd be television slut.
i call it "hey-dumb-fuck-guys-stop-trying-so-hard" advice
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
That sucks. Maybe they were just spam who had accounts deleted. #gno
so  when he laughs & comes down the chimney  does he say  "Whore! Whore! Whore!" and shake like a bowl full of jelly???
damn I said happy new day lmaooo my druunk ass happy new years
not really. u see  my college is unfortunately a popular one and if i bitch  people will know who i am  so i need to be careful
no fuck you
ahh  you might be on to something...damn techies
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
i hate you for both those statements. lol
Hate to bring this up  um  but did you see how ur last tweet came out?
damn it smells good in my house :) I predict a good meal in my future :)
dont hate too hard!  it hasn't been very warm here lately!
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
Damn skippy. I demand to see you before I leave.  You going to come meet BlendMom?
 dayumm stupid fuckin cunts stop talking your shit get a fuckin life go suck your moms dick and chock on it dayumm lil pussys take it of anonamis or watever -stephanie iloveyou alexis :)
 Aah  he seriously is! Butttt i guess thats okayy! I love him too. :) andd  yeahh; pretty muchh! no doubt about it. (:
  OHIO in the states. hahahaha
damn  it's a collection too? U freakin tease! :(. I gotta couple stacks on it!? LOL
Avocado is my FAVOURITE 'good fat'. Hahaha... I'm afraid I indulged 2day and had my avocado w homemade cheese nachos & black olives.
if you were black  that last one would be so damn racist
  hahaha yeah. that beard guy haha. we never saw him but still.r your a good dancer :D haha
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
Should've specified. Damn  i t's been so long since I heard that  I've forgotten the tune.
I hate you with the hate of a thousand hates. ;)
Damn  Jilly...Sounds like you're ready for war out on the grimy streets of Trenton...
way to damn hard
fuck you Devi. slit em'!
oh ok..so technically u dont need that specific class...ok cuz i was about to say 2010  wtf? not for some dick lmao
had to document it just incase i was going mad myself. and i don't even like cock. what are they trying to suggest?
fuck you man  I'm a vegetarian today! That just makes it harder.
FUCK I'm late. :)
Yah  you'd think I'd lose some FAT doing' all this shovelin'. But I guess eating brownies when I'm done negates something! Hah
hey loser!  you don't answer your phone anymore... are you channeling your inner stick and losing your phone?
ha ha so fucking snobbish now son!!! .... lol.. I love it
I've made myself achingly sore playing mario anything on the wii. lol LOVE that  game. Rainbow Road is a bitch. :D
 Ya i fixed the name but i just made this cuz i don&;t like being anonymous ahaha sept when i make up lame pickup lines
YOUR vote isn't worth a damn cent ;-) LOL
I swear Michael Scott-esque loser somehow infiltrated your acct & bought lots of womens pantsuits & fur coats there.
its ok decided not to go to fam party. going back to bed. wtf moon i hate you. wtf life. dead.
  Hmm..depends on if my toes are cutesied up and the outfit ;] but usually sneakers
  Don't have one really i guess
Every true nerd knows the famous kitteh-heat corollary:  If warm  then cat.
#tcot If we cannot laugh at those who hate us  who can we laugh at?  I'm not sure what that means  but I'm going with it.
.....I.Hate.Him. He's.... UGGG!
 Do you like this dress I ordered earlier? http://www.topshop.com/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/ProductDisplay?beginIndex=20&amp;viewAllFlag=false&amp;catalogId=19551&amp;storeId=12556&amp;categoryId=160952&amp;parent_category_rn=42344&amp;productId=1762331&amp;langId=-1
I'll let you know when I find out.  If it sucks I'm going to play it up even more so I won't be the only sucker.
it's called shitty ass fuck shit sir
fuck yeah
#NAME?
all these awesome people just flock to me. Guess I'm about cool as fuck.
  My Dad :)
why does eueryone hate american eagle? wat happened?
 Yuh d0n+ l!k3 m3?
Heores Season 2 sucked! Full of emo shit!
 school...kinda
i hate you :P happy birthday dude  good to know your enjoying it
pls consider using LDAP fat clients  not thin clients  unless you have a really good network & good server. How many kids?
THINK??? You THINK they are gay??? REALLY???? Have you watched the show???? and you THINK????
man I wish I had one too to back up my files. Oh well sucks to be me LMAO. See ya soon  Peace.
Fuck yea it's the bomb
i fucking love that movie.
 17 hrs! Hah! Try it for a week like we did here in NH. Just kidding! No power sucks. Shows how dependent we are on "the grid!"
  thank you :)
Aah! I actually hate you!
 Okeyyy honestly now I think this stupid person is just making up stuff cause she/he wont send you the link. Probably just trying to create drama and such. Maybe trying to make you worry? I dunno. Butttt anyways I love you TabiLou (;<3
Wow  what a fine uke.  It's tempting  but I want my charango with 10 strings and damn near impossible to play.
Hey thx!  I just hate to have Win XP crash anymore than necessary.  That is why I have been so conservative.  I'm gonna try Chrome.
Well  I don't know if you have heard or not... but I hate it.
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
Forget my loser classmate  I need to go to Vegas with *you* next time (if your husband doesn't mind) :)
i hate pret
 after the viewing of said video footage who sees it next?
YOUR A WHORE!
fuck the krebs cycle.
Hector kitty has major kitteenip addiction.  Must find him some of that special extract. He'll FREAK!!!
ur a huge loser did u know that? lol
Who owns one - I just fix 'em! Hate it when electricals go to Hades.
 Who&;s the best ninja you know
that song is so emo to me
Oh no. I hate that!
  lame
  yes.
Yeah  heading back to work will be your vacation. You don't do any damn work there anyhow!
no way. they REALLY hate you  don't they?!
 What color is your hair?
  mclaine  idk.down the street
Fuck you and your family.
BRB SLITTING MY WRISTS JESUS FUCKING CHRIST.
  Umm... we would go to jack-in-the-box! haha
 New york or paris?
that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
  probably when i was little
 I hate that also ~ at least they should try and make it entertaining or something!?!?
i hate your face sounds EXACTLY like something i would say.also reminds me of a drunk girl trying to fight me and
 If you think i care about what you think of me  then you&apos;ve highly over estimated my opinion of you! bitch/
*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
go kick that owner's ass.
At 4:30 in the morning  I was struck with Revelations about a certain book we both know and I hate. Check your email  yo.
Yeah.  I hate vinyl.  We have tile but I have the same troubles unless I clean daily.  Gonna try my all terrain steam vac on it!
I didn't call her fat at all! Keep your fucking nose out of other peoples business!
I know  but I just hate people who ack like that...I wouldn't last a day on the net...LOL
The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
 what does the last text message on your phone say?
Twerp is a word that needs to make a comeback.
 how so you spend your Christmas eve?
thanks mama..they damn names be too long!!
  Nahhh. Things always have a purpose. :]
 Who was the last person you hugged?
YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
  yes walks to raise money for cancer patients and I volunteer for adopt a highway! Gotta care about our mother earth :)
  My bed is on the floor unfortuantly. I know I hate it too! We're moving though :0
 Hey aujala r
Well  I'm not there yet so thankfully I only have to freak out from here. I call my contractor almost daily though. ;-)
Watching the Biggest Loser. I'm amazed by weight gain or weight loss.These people are losing 5  10 20  30 lbs in one week.Amazing
regarding you and your tea obsession  you have become SO GAY  break out the Thermite man!!!!!  Shape up
Yea  the weather sucks. And is only gonna get worse over the next two months.You're tempted to just get back on the plane? :P
I gave really good gifts... LOL. Damn the man!
yeah  but are they stealing them from those damned stores that hold the poor things hostage in windows? i hate those stores
Great photos of the reception! Looked like fun  sorry we missed it. Damn Snowmageddon. :(
You have no idea how damn tempting that is. I've already procrastinated by drawing roads and zebra crossings ;)
yeah hes fucking serious
i'm still sick as fuck but have too much to do to stay home (that i can't get done anyway)
  people.
it is. Hate that LOL
  Any time i think about doin that i forget im counting and then by the time i get to the end im like dang it!! haha
 what&;s the last thing you ate?
 If you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?
 who d you like
#NAME?
Have you seen Bitch magazine's article about twilight? about "absitence porn" http://is.gd/d2pt
So true Dick is the best. Tomlin needs to let Bruce go  so we can get back to Steeler football with our run game running the show
bread!!!! and not enuf eggs so fuck it aha
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
: And whilst on the subject  all Aussie drivers should be reminded KEEP LEFT UNLESS OVERTAKING. Damn middle lane owners club!
  YES :)
 Do you own anything that involves with Betty boop?
  Rain doesn't bother me at all other than when Im dressed up and have to be somewhere important. Rain is important.
why thanks. but damn do I feel old.
 What was the best concert you went to?
 Have you ever cried in public?
 whats the craziest thing you have EVER done?
 Can you tell if someone is lying to you?
 If you had one day to live  what would you spend that day doing?
damn - you travel a lot! see you on monday at your hols party!
i am doing no such thing fuck you
  I love youuu<3 &amp;i miiss you !
Then you should make fun of her for not looking at your ass.
  Uranus. hahahahhahahahha I crack myself up. Pluto definantly :] its the only one thats been a planet and moon at the same time! thats soo me :]
  <3
 ur butiful babe i just wish i waz urz.
 are you a filipina??or a foreigner??
that would be one shocking pussy lol
 Do you like your name?
my mom said the same thing to me last week...I hate my hair right now it's terrible lol
 YOU NEVER CALLED ME.
 Pshhh liar ^^
  they laughed alil too much i guess
  formspringg haha noo..my boyfriend. Were always out staying busy.
  not too often.
it was a joke haha. i figured id be emo too since everyone is complaining on here
fuck sleep you gotta stay up late so u can see santa!
i get that ha ha smart ass :p
  corona lights :D
 What colour are you nails right now?
 What&;s the weirdest thing you&;ve ever eaten?
yeah.....then you'll never have to have any other apps running outside of FF! FUCK YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!
  Always seems like..
Oh sweet! Sucks though that you work New Year's: my condolences.
damn that sucks
 u ever play beer pong?
HAHA that SUCKS! i'd be sooo pissed. i think i found my glory zone where to shoot  though  so i might get 300 tonight  lol.
your code sucks! ;D
I heard it sucks... What do you think so far?
 Would you be a pirate?
  a neckalce given to me by my love(: <3333
sam are you showing in 'in sequence' at white whale on friday night? I wasn't sure... since you'll be out of town for the opening 
  dove chocolate. haha
  pirateesss .
You bash Nickelback  but you listen to Staind? WTF?! I hate both  btw.
Then you should probably join the Facebook piss up group that the council stopped.
kicked ass this week.
LMAO! Thanks dude! I'm honored to make the cut! Or wait  im suppose to be a dick right? Damn it! Why aren't I top 5 mo fo?!?!
i hate you so much right now. my ass is fed up with this snow shit and it's only been a week since i've been back up north!
lol...hell naw...its the fine ass one!
i hate the ice! stupid pipe busted at my concord place. tenants woke me up at 2am with LOTSSSS of water. FUN!
  haha what?
 soda or Kool aid ??
I JUST WANT THE DAMN LATKES
and holy crap  that's a long time!! D: that sucks!
  Scientists. Doctors. Engineers. r Because we would all know how to do everything ourselves.
I remember and that's why I loves that ass. U make me feel special. Lol
That looks nasty...ice sucks.
 who decided to take a shit on your face?
 ha  yeah  cleveland rocks! where was your first kiss?
 HAHAHA NOPE! ...
damn  you caught that. ;^)
ahhh that night was a total fucking blur! u live in ny?
  Haha Im not sure  its just natural ;)
Fuck mod_Ella.....http://tinyurl.com/5hdbje
  :D awhhh thankyou  your the best :)r loveyouto:D
#Paypal sucks. Someone is using my identity there and they refuse to do ANYTHING about it.
  Nope. What'd ya mean Still shy?
 @Dave_Malby acting as Colfax Chick's agent! After 100 followers I will make sure to get her ass down here and tweet with everyone
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
Dick jokes ;)
maybe he just has a dig cock to match the free weaponry he got to attack the defenceless...oops I mean 'defend' his country
DAMN IT EDDIE!
 are you a party girl?
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
 can u name an animal that is orange?
lol. I know  she's a mess. But ya ass was not getting up.
  lol idk
"'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease." -- all of my favorite words...
dude no offence you're awesome but currently I think I hate you. :0)
Yea its got a heatsink bigger than a server lol. Its a great machine. I am loving it except for the leg is bent. DAMN COURIERS GRR
Switch Bitch is one of my Faves...  what came first surrealism or drugs?   (Roald Dahl)
 Do you prefer to work independently or on a team?
 Wow...so you bought what's fashionable at...gay biker bars!!!  Congrats!!!  :-)
I just use the standard twitter site and it's tough.  :P  WOuld hate to find another addiction to go along with this one.
 What did you eat for breakfast today?
Local and Etsy...I'm done giving my $ to Fat Cats that produce elsewhere.
damn  that sux
  :) who is this? haha
 TABIAHHHH...
heh and then u yell "HOLY SHIT IM FAT"
It's pretty damn similar  that (bass?) guitar part  at least. I owe you something nice for this  btw.
  you electricute yourself lol
you should totally convince gerry to get that drumset. And that your parents won't hate us.
god damn you.
i think that means ur gay. or a child predator.
 hey everyone im gettin alot of complaints please inbox me and let me know if u dont wanna be on my spam list
"Here&#8217;s a reasonable review: The music sucks. The graphics are terrible. There&#8217;s no plot. There&#8217;s no gameplay." Video games!
People are so fucking pathetic.  CHILDREN! Ughh~
other than the Slowskis  I find all of their ads annoying - but i hate most ads. long live DVRs
I like the way you pop in and out.......of twitter I mean ;)  My ass is parked next to my tree that's half decorated but nice
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.
weird.... Nick are you going emo??????
 They say the garden of Eden was in Iraq. Then where is Hades?
 fuck em.... youre a nice guy.
 would you like fries with that?
I never watch those show or even read the lists because they invariably piss me off.
I'm so mad at America. They didn't sign a law stating you can't torture gays for being gay. I was so offended. This was 3 days ago.
do you get one if someone sticks their boot up your ass?
Episode 4 fuck boy
why you being so emo?!
ducking ducking ducking. Stupid ass autocorrect
yeah..what is it that u called me? "ass clown" LMAO..i was like uhhhh welllll then hahahaah
  Anything thai and spicy.r mexican.r Veggies :]r Grapes  strawberries  Fruit. har And Rice. r I love food btw.
 Has it ever been hard for you to say &quot;I love you&quot;?
I hate that.
bro u haven't seen School of Rock??? that movie is royal ass kicker. Another one of Jack Black's awesomes. seen Be Kind Rewind?
There are two types of people in the world: those using "lol" ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
Yup I will wait for a bit for them to get through. Deary me planes just freak me out!!
now who's the fucking hipster?As if you not dig Kanye! @dianor heyyy how you doin' @noarmsjames the man has great beats+lyrics
YOU"RE A GAY!? .... =) I &lt;3 you
 Oh really(; ? And i cnt let alix see it i dont want himto knoww cause of something i cnt say or he ll know
lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to "Weekend Ass". I didn't know how to feel.
well that sucks  I might be in LA at the end of this month! :(
damn I woulda came but i used my last dollar & dime @ Wendys
I know. I've been on the slaughtered team often enough to know how bad it sucks  though. And these kids are the creme de la creme ...
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
sure  but having a kick ass de facto admin plugin sure would rock!  for some folks... *shrug*
  Not really the second one so much. It had some good underlying morals and all but the movie itself drug on and on i thought.
yo I will nerd out on this shit all day!
checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
 When people try to make you jealous does it make you mad?
Damn! Break me off some bread!
 Did you ever get in trouble for talking in class?
Sure 2 B on the naughty list as well but if that fat bastard doesn't drop me off this year I'll put some lead in his ass...
well find him and kick his butt too! I hate it when people take advantage of the mentally challenged.
your mom sucks  BITACH!
 What do you think when you hear the name Cris?
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
  Lol haha how cute is tht? Juss keedingg(:
 Do you over think or under think?
  huh? they love animals so they dont eat THEM but they do gotta eat one way or another lol
I suppose there's arrogance no matter where you go but I hate it from "chavs" most of all &gt;:S Oh and the jocks.
unfortunately i do =( it sucks! & i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
 What video game have you played the most?
 If you know that down the road there was a business that dismembered baby boys and girls each week would you do something to stop it from continuing? And would you be a bad person if you didn&;t try to stop it?
They're not my preference  but the app is so damn fast and thorough that I let it slide.
 Why do you think people lie?
"
 yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
I'd much prefer to send out my work message via twitter.  I hate having to add the fluff to my emails so that no one gets upset.
  ..be invisible and punch mean people in the back of the head...
How is the Loser episode?  Lotsa crying??
Considering your love of infrastructure  *you* should speak to Nat'l Ass'n of Counties in March  not Chuck Todd http://is.gd/dgF5
He's back from w.e the fuck he was lol
 ahahaahahahaha. yourr a funny kid.
BITCH GET ONLINE  I FOUND CUTE SHOES
  usually
i hate u! Jk.. But u can keep it.
Thanks. Nothing just watching "Jack ass". Are you having fun doing nothing over there?
  =]
 lols wow how wass ur easter.?
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
le gasp! I'm so jealous  I fucking love NY!
 Alexis My Stomach Hurts :/
How's my favorite in the holiday spirit guinea pig this morning?
 Is there ever a day that mattresses are not on sale?
I never really thought about it  but I nearly always eat a big-ass plate of spaghetti and watch Goodfellas on Christmas eve
Are you ready to TWEETBOOOOOOOOMB!!! *that damn song fades in  just like at sporting events*
Yeah... sucks.. But yo  I tried to go to your webpage link but it dont work? And wut school u go to? Howard?
 When was the last time you were at the doctor? Why?
dude I'm still pissed about that damn movie
I hate people who waste my time another whose technology I break
 Do you prefer to be blissfully unaware? Or know what going on though it may hurt to know?
 That&;s all for tonight  peeps.  Please let me know if you need me to take you off my list.  Some people are being rude about my questions.  Just simply ask to be removed from my list and I&;ll do so without a complaint.  :)
the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
might install now that you've acted as my guinea pig :D
BALLIN! on another note i hate nursing school why do i have to sit here and learn about the latest forms of birthcontrol wth!
damn right! I don't do many things well but cheese is one of them.  We're gonna release Rudolf on iTunes to try to grab the Xmas #1
Prison Bitch is a sparkling addition to any resume.
  when my little brother was diagnosed with cancer and we all thought we were going to lose him :( it was a dark moment.
that sucks :(
LOLTOMINO at its best/worst! Ep 8 Laura's Cow I fucking lol'd. It's Monster that's giving me the most awesomeness though.
yeeah  i'm a youngin' it sucks. i'm on the quest for a good one. no luck yet  though
 whos that lady in the b
  idk yet. prolly no one cause my boo wont cook anymore for some odd reason and im sick so i wont be eating. usually i do but here lately i havent ate much
rock out with ur cock out dude!!!
 Have you ever stolen a street sign before?
I have no clue what I've stumbled upon  but I laughed my ass off... you might too: http://is.gd/a8cz
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
I'm so happy. I can't believe Lacey  what a bitch. I'm so happy for Brandi M. Oh  and the look on Megan's face - priceless.
This is why I feel like I have to do everything myself  It's a damn shame you can't trust people to hold up their end of shit.
  Justin Bieber or Channing Tatum! haha yumm!
*twitch* I. Hate. You. J/k.
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
Mine  I seem to fuck it up all the time. I'm off ~30 bucks. I'll leave it that way for 2-3 months and finally put an entry (cont)
  Idk what &quot;love stoned&quot; is.. so idk haha
 Who&;s the most talented person you know?
 Have you ever watched someone get arrested?
well mine are double flared  so they are a fucking homo bitch cunt to get out. aggrivation!
 What&;s the weirdest thing you&;ve ever eaten?
damn. ah well. Rusty and Danny are still good although Stark has been known to frequent Vegas on occasion
u whore...
 Can crop circles be square?
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
na just a bitch of a teacher!!!!
 favorite song?
 Robot Chicken is a funny ass cartoon  in Cartoon Network for those who dont know :))) i watch it around 12 :))
I like programming...but i hate theoratical sujects...like computer architecture
lol britt just said it look like a big ass pillow fight outside
Damn skippy. I should be dead 10 times over......
 What wood yuh do fo meh???
i hate you
They are hungry for democracy - most Westerners are fat  happy  complacent.  Brave New World v. 1984. Pleasure beats pain.
I don't use the touchpad(I hate them) I always use a USB mouse. We are a toshiba family.. we have four
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
I hate that I get scared and parnoid when my house is quiet
Fucking awesome!
didja punch a bitch?
I can donate some booty as well. Ever heard of top ass? I got that and more.
- damn! I almost bought those!
 What body sprays are better Bath &amp; body&;s or Victorias secrets ones?
that's enough hate from you. I've definitely heard better things about fusion than parellels recently though.
 Are you easily offended?
damn straight! Happy birthday Maddie!!! Xoxoxo.
it is. Hate that LOL
 Are you random or predictable? Why do you think you are this way? Would you rather be the other way?
 Do you generally believe people when they telly ou sorry? Or do you question it?
Me?? Hairy ass??? WTF?!?! I would laser that shit...
 Do you dance in the shower?
 What are your day dreams about?
I don't fuck wit T.O. nomore either  it ain't Romo fault he can't catch!!
 what is ur star sign
see previous. Damn twitter.
 Do you really  truly miss someone right now?
LOL NO KIDDING! I would be scared for my life if I were somebody tryna fuck with you! I have no older siblings  I'm jealous!
  Guess! haha no its the brand name.
As long as you are coffee friendly. I hate meeting non-coffee drinkers at coffee places... makes me feel like an addict.
because working sucks. Wish I was an old money baby.
jamie lidell already reminds of a less emo robin thicke lol
try fuck.
 Do you believe sometimes in life you have to be selfish?
There's some dude at this bar that totally looks like you. Should I kick his ass for impersonating?
SURE BORROW ALL YOU WANT  ROCKY! I'm just going to take it out of your fucking ass via inflation later anyway! WOOOO!!
damn I think I was going to write an adtrotrain article for you
Did this fucking work? (Who's not irritated by the blackberry shit taking forever)
 do you wear hats?
well... the giant carts slamming into your ass isn't SOOO bad. But the sample hogs are pretty gross.
I'm just that damn cool homie.  You'll know what's up when I don't tweet for exactly 1hr and 56min. LOL
God damn it  Louis!
to bad i am the god damn WINNAR!
  haha yea huh i do !!!(: i told you just now . lolz ima go to your houseee <3
fucking stupid chat people are fucking idiots! Read what I said so I don't have to repeat myself five fucking times!
wait  wait  i know: to drive you insane. have i mentioned that i hate spammers  especially@hkdimon  ones who slip through akismet.
Ugh  ok... I hate NYC also. Hmmm. thinking...We are having a Screening on the FOX Lot that week. Maybe u can roll through?
dont bother with low fat brownies
 babydoll dearest  vv I accutally do like her as a friend!(:
hmmm...I had a feeling bout u! but Damn No Label?? wow
oh ok it's the dick-in-a-box guys  that explains the timberlake appearance
depends on your plan. if you pay out the ass for it  no.
It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
Hibachi Hawaiian Style ... YUM ... huli huli pig 2
I think waffles have more fat than pancakes-have heard that waffle batter --&gt; pancakes is better than pancake batter --&gt; waffles
It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
  yes i would. i would love the opportunie of saving another persons life. and everyone gets hurt..but is being hurt worth not saving another beings life? I dont think so. I'll save them!! :)
 We're having a BAD ASS gathering in May  you should come. Of course  the best part is the hanging out downtown after. :)
 you would know if youd answer ur phone!!!
  Softball. Alltime loved sport. It was my haven to this world. Behind the plate I was a superstar and nothing could go wrong. :]r I miss it mostly.
That sucks. I assume you're speaking of your Macbook?  Apple fucking rips you off on power cords  esp. since they make such cheap ones
damn yo I did!
I hate robbing banks!
color me shocked... I hate to think @islandcubfree had anything to do with this
what's gay about a sausage squirting at you?
some retarded oracle peoplesoft login thing keeps coming up on my enrolment cart page and i don't know what the fuck is going on!
don't have time to review the whole thing right now  but here - fucking - here.  I'll take contributions to the bottom line tks
cute video lexi u hve some of the of the weridest & cutest little toys i know wht u'll say (shut the fuck up ACH) haha
just read the archive artile on your old site. love the jones comparison. how much hate mail did you get?
 Do siamese twins pay for one ticket or two tickets when they go to movies and concerts?
People are so fucking pathetic.  CHILDREN! Ughh~
I've only seen highlights of Lott  but I know Reed is by far the best today. I hate people arguing about Bob S and Troy P
NOONONOONONNNOONONNONONONOONON cock mongler..... you didn't eve nstraighten it...
Oh  heck! I was all ready to pull a Dan Rather and pronounce Dick Cheney dead.
  hmm..not too long i would think..especially if it was bad.
And if I'm lucky my whole town will shut down and I wont have to work and deal with shitty ass ppl tomorrow :)
  at night. i like to climb into bed clean :)
Hope b/c Im a cynic & I dont xpect much from society. Therapy b/c I believe in kickg ass if screwed with :D
no guarantees.  hate the place. I'm ust going there to make sure my parents are still alive.
Thanks very much! It was a lovely day. Getting older sucks less than I was led to believe. :-)
I was already listening to Elliott smith  and I fucking hate kanye west. He's not a valid artist or human in my eyes
  not really
damn it I havent been sleep :(
the drive to Bear sucks tho. Very windy (curves  not air) and traffic can be a b*tch on busy days...
you are SUCH a fucking dork
no. ur 13 get the fuck off the internet and get back to playing with ur easy bake oven. stupid parents buyin brats iphones.
Way to be a dick.
i hate paying bills period lol ;p
How the hell do we get in these money situations? Sometimes I just feel like saying fuck it and have them come for my car.
  really its black if u see it the scientific way how interesting lol
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
"fuck the recession"
I knw!!!!!  I hate that! D:
im out troll but dont worry the hate continues fuk face
I'm so dropping the ball today homie. I'm like damn near dead  I'm so tired. Reschedule??? Sowwwyyyy
thank's L. i hate when he works nights cause i'm awake during the day while he's sleeping. but now he's going hunting!
http://is.gd/brVS (iTunes) or http://is.gd/b4yp Antrel Rolle previewed today's MIN game on the Best Damn Sports Show Podcast.
Would you believe the same article said eating less helps us live longer  too? Damn those scientists!
mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
FUCK YEAH!  You know what goes good with cookies  right?
Thank God for bootcamp"
 If you woke up in Jail  what would your crime be ??
omg that fat dude should not be in leotards idk they made them that big lmao
can't make up my mind. Go out w my girl vip style and leave the dog home alone till morn  stay in or go to a gay pj party
  they didnt'
  I miss being a kid. Yes.
 tabi! you&;re hittin&; on my bestttt friend! WTF. whooo cares  i love you. :)
read that this morning. my fav is how they just straight up say "cum shots"
- You know some ppl like to piss off others and today I was a victim of this X-( sad but thx for those words ;)
Noting that while you  a mere cat  may be keeking my ass w/ ur plethora of Twitter fans  I am more handsome in a leather jacket.
its fucking adorable
Lol  I'm not enough of a LOTR nerd to need to install Tolkien fonts. :)
no fucking lie  lol everywhere i go...twitter myspace i see you... you were on 1 of my homies page!
that sucks :(
sucks man. tire* sorry spelling/grammar freak. yeah it's fantastic. wore me out though.
I had a good holiday here in Alabama. Haha  getting a new blackberry on January first cause my phone sucks. How was yours Mix?
re: why friendfeed sucks - no doubt a powerful utility but with a high learning curve and non-intuitive user experience
THINK??? You THINK they are gay??? REALLY???? Have you watched the show???? and you THINK????
LOL Keesha thought the whore island was directed at her
damn deze is zo cool: http://tinyurl.com/urh33
 Favorite SNL (Saturday Night Live) cast member ever?
- Oh  yikes!  I hate that.  Will she willingly use the toilet for it?  My boys won't.
cuz montana sucks?
I hate restaurants full of couples  involved people looking smug because they got a card/flowers n the pressure to be with some1
I've been called a pig  if that helps. Recently  even
 .. STFU TABI ... you may not be fake .... but your a bitch annd need to go back to Idaho .. HOEEE ... orr just go to W&;ford.. your better off ther anyways (: .. you have like 1 maybe 2 friends in brock  soooo leave
Must've been.  Damn men cause that  don't they :D
Let that pussy freeze. Rotten bitey little bastard.
what if their "you" really sucks? like  why be a wack person when you can be an imitation of a more cool person? i think this
fuck no  I don't want to be PM or even a politician. I'm just tired of getting anally raped without any lube.
i hate hate hate being snowed in! (how's that for a sum up?)
 Your to young what love is bitch so do you use it!!! Dumb whore put your boobs away!!!
  lmfao i no right. gosh its making me mad. yes  yes i do. haha i also like lemon drops XD
beast my pussy  bitch. LMAO...that's creepy.
blocked. What a fucking load of old shit.
  Legos.
  family over everything
- hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
Joe the Plumber: scofflaw  activist  or just another cheap-ass?
 How many times did you and that douche have sex
wait until you have a final cut on your documentary before the sex change.  You don't want to fuck up continuity.
that does sound gay. I never had that in year 12. And thanks!
 ashlee....i&;ve had the biggest crush on you for awhile!  i don&;t go on here a lot.  but please message me on www.findersingle.com under the username &quot;wishfulthinker&quot;.  please don&;t get all weird.  =)
You done started something! Got me all nostalgic and shit KNOWING good and damn well I got work to do...LOL
  a sunrise in hot pink orange yellows and blues with a black tree across the skyline and hints of purple. its pretty sweet but it changes weekly usually :)
  currently the hangover  superbad  forgetting sarah marshall  how to train your dragon  and a few more that i cant remember lol
it is not only terrible... it really sucks.
FAT WHALE U still Floating  Did not SINK Yet?
hes goin dwn!we cld kick his ass n dominate him
ha! sucks for u!!
I hate when I see people doing that. I am with you on that one. Why do people think that is okay?!
  dane cook
  well then why did you bring it up?
 Have you ever bid for something on ebay?
LOL - actually  after having my bitch fit  I think it could be Mozillla Thunderbird thats is causing the problem!
 If you could bring one character to life from your favorite book  who would it be?
 Have you ever been Ice Skating?
  yes.
You ARE NOT! Who called you that?!? Me and @BethHarte have experience with tag-team whup-ass! C'mon Beth... let's roll. LOL
Fuckin A it does!!!! HAHA How the fuck are you my fucking friend?
hey... i was not talking about those bots which go around spamming. i hate those too. i was talking about query processors.
  um probs short stack though i dont no haha i listen to a whole lot of different bands.
adangta kan jadi bitch ane. enough taa. aku marah ne  *buat muka mrh* esh
no I haven't tasted my own pussy. I don't bend that way.
Ouch.  That sucks!!
Noooo  this is not caffeine. This is IT! Let's kick ass and then CELEBRATE! C'MON  girlie. We got it goin' ON!
  haha my brother does! I think its funny
 Who&;s the most famous person you&;ve met?
If only Edward and Bella were slightly less emo :)
 Do you enjoy going shopping? If so what type of things do you enjoy buying?
oh yeah we'd be soft  fat and happy LOL!
its like his fucking twin or something. Iuno it was weird.
i like to fuck when i tweetup.
 what were you in middle school?(emo/prep/jock etc?) ya know. lol
I can't say for sure that the universe doesn't hate you  but I've had several problems too.
 What&;s on your desktop?
I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
lol kevin bought me damn near nothing and we dated for over 10 months. my life sucks.
  where you are to meet you  because i think we would get along just peachy
 How come there&;s a girl that has your pics? And she put up proof long time ago. In myyearbook.com
uhm HI!!! Could you please get your ass to Hawaii!!! Thanks :)
I would love one  just don't touch my fucking helmet. I would hate to go all "Franks and Beans" on you. ;)
 &quot;iloveyoubaby&quot; &quot;iloveyoutoobabygirl&quot;  that ^ haha [x
WOW!!!!  you went in on that man and used your name lmao damn you a "G"
I really don't like Stuart Maclean's faux stumbly  bumbly wooly sweater style.  Prairie  Home Companion wannabe.
  You'll neverr know (:
I just got done busting my ass for the day. I need Booze!
haha! No. We have a new stand up board at work and we have barstools to sit on. I hate them!
I hate statistics. aaargh! :)
Lemme make fun of you for crying at a dog movie for Pete's sake. Nerd.
Oh no. I hate that!
@farwyde Cock your gun.
how does self awareness keep one from being a nerd?
I fuck wit the lows if there dope...but I know y'all got me fam I ain't trippin
 What is happiness to you?
 which year was your favoroute school year... i know its not this year cause you had taylor in your class!but it still could be this year...
 haha damn the ninja thing gave it away
  Uhm... That one lady ;D hahaha
 does your bedroom door have a lock on it?
 Are you a sore loser?
 oh well aren&apos;t you just the shiiit for hanging out with older people? get friends your own age  you dumb bitch.
 i bet you are a .............................NEMO........................STAR.............................SHIT >>..................................COW FAGGET lol
You are a Linux whore!
yr gay voice =]
hate to be a downer but there's a chance it may not even be released
 If you&;re in college or graduated from college  what is/was your major?
THANK YOU! Beautifully worded. I'm so fucking sick of people just hating for hating. Everyone think they're so deep these days.
fuck...I forgot
You pretty sure Angel's ass is fake too huh? I hated that 'I wont answer cuz conroversy is good' shit. That means FAKE.
 What was the happiest moment in your life?
Then you should make fun of her for not looking at your ass.
 What&;s your favourite part of you on the outside and your favourite part on the inside?
http://twitpic.com/pyb6 - is a very naughty panda  always has her ass up in the air.
  What doesn't kill you  only makes you stronger.
well shit then I know I'll catch on ... who the fuck wouldn't be interested in what I have to say.. LOL!
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like @andymn to me
 When you packing your stuff to leave and go somewhere for awhile  what is the first thing you make sure you have?
thats what i am saying...they need to pay me.thats m*ttaf*cking free promotion. ungrateful ass people.
 Hey if ur reading this I dnt know if u were following me or not but if u were I think I deleted all my followers so could u follow me again thanks
oh  I agree. the only soup that's a pain in the ass is gumbo :-)
 have u seen JUSTIN BIEBER in person? (:
 What character from a movie most reminds you of yourself?
 shira or frances?
tell them to fuck off  give it a few years  then laugh at how much better you are then them.
 OMG that sucks! D:
I jokingly remarked to my man that I was an "internet whore " he thought it meant that I was a porn star. LOL He doesn't get it.
  Doug!!!!!!!
  iLoveYou! Thanks alot! Bhut its alot 2 keep up wit! Wanna trade haha!
damn! i knew if i had said nobu that auto-tune would already be hummin
 Are you a generous person?
well hate 2 tell ya it may b 2 late 4 @davidpatterson3 mayb he should stay @ church all day :-)
the leg up one.no thank you! i am toooo fat for it! i always thought yoga was easy.thats cause i never tried it! i am SORE 2day!
Well I mean  it *is* Call in Gay day today.
they don't do any of it. Them they try to front afterwards  like "I did this and that to him last night!" I hate when chicks lie
 close your eyes and count until 10 NOW.       what went through your mind? be honest
  Nahh
@theaitch it's never said  but the imp. behind "be more interesting in bed" was to me  take it in the ass or be more kinky
Damn  miss that whitney too! You getting me in the christmas spirit...I didn't even put up a tree this year :(
I'm jealous - I get all emo when I lack the season of all natures  sleep. :-)
ITS GROSS. AND NOT NEEDED. I HATE IT! LMFAOOO.
dude i had the home  beta for some time now and its great. but now that ever one gets it i cant even log in it sucks man
gawd  i hate it when it does that!
Where's Fat Philly's?
OMG. GREAT list! I can add to TMI Freak. Folo one who shares stories about sex toys. No joke.
 That's a very interesting point and one I hadn't heard before. Copper for elec motors? Damn  I love twitter.
I love fat albert!
Mad? Fuck that Least Coast noise.
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
Piss off. ;)
what really happened...hate I missed it. Bummer!
posted the fat man version to the beyonce song.
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
  i know. im sorry :( haha
@yeswhat damn ya had a slumber party?!?
but they love me for it. none of them giggle. its a love/hate thing they got goin with me =)
what a fucking bitch.
 What&;s your favorite place to be kissed?:
oh my god. You DID steal my food baby. Poor thing. She's a bitch.
 Im dead serious.Real athletes never cheat don't even have the appearance of at his level. Fuck him dude seriously  I think he did
Hi new friend! I like your personality.super cool:) Yeah I forgot it is like 9 am there..that sucks!
  Along came polly.
my bitch of a sister sold ours. I had like every fuckin game. :-(
Same with prospective clients.  I'm returning YOUR call  dumb ass.
haha I wish. why so mac hate-y-ish?
Don't you hate that! I hum a lot  usually just notes; but this time of year I don't dare hear I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus!  Noo!
RE: Hugh's daughter.  I just hate to see when a female CEO step down and says it's so "company can evolve" AAARRRG!
 what your fave colour?
good call  and thanks. Just perplexed by folks who spread fear and hate. worried they distract from real issues.
 Did you ever have a embarrassing moment at school?
  lol wats happing &quot;its ya lil boi mikey babi&quot; lmao
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
What's goodie Jamz! ROTFLMAO @ the fact that T-Pain's singing damn near gives u seizures!
Ok  you're starting to sell me on these vinyl toys (damn  that sounds bad)
Oh wait. Damn. I do not have all the ingredients.
 Where would you be able to spend hours and be happy?
Football. I hate it. It&#8217;s official  I&#8217;m bad luck.
  iLyke dat..Let mi meet yew
fuck no _ I'll be out there by myself.  That's my ALONE time. Meditate if you will. Me the pipe & the stars rflecting & thnkng
ugh that sucks! I couldn't imagine if that happened to my DVR!
yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
no-sign. i dont fuck with "rats"
You've got 5" of snow?  Damn.  I'm jealous.
  Hmm I love the beatles :]
I hate Juno. That movie blows!
  no fucking clue
  I dont even want to talk about it. and stress is overrated. i just dont like to think about it
I nominate @jasonanderson in categories @biggest-jack-ass and @tech
fight camilla then bitch!
Ouch  that sucks.  Hope you didn't get into too much trouble.
@thronkus totally expecting the spotted dick too
damn..wolfmother.  really?  I had no idea who the rest of the bands were besides Velvet Revolver. LOL
still afraid of needles?  i just got told i've got to have 12 into my face. Fuck illness.
Hows The RAM? 250  360  360gb's Damn Dude.i only have 160gb :(
 If you had the choice to see the future  would you?
  lots and lots
evilbeet    WAKE UP!!!! HAHAA jus saw ur mesg on my phone. arent u happy that a complete retard like me is on ur side? haha
Awesome...Love it or Hate it...An Atmospher of Change...is HERE
get them all out of the dome ....NOW damn it...
  I have no clue. What makes anyone do the mean things they do? we're all human. Humans are confusing.
marerockcity fuck yes!  That's great have a safe drive
  I love roller coasters!! :]
  The reject shop....lol joking ummmm supre possibly i dont no. lol
I remember driving in freak snowstorm in Tallahassee..92 I think--almost flipped the ambulance ;)
ahahaha. you're a nerd. &lt;3
  aww thankss yuu aree to
cucumber sounds masculine enuf to me. Can name it "cum" for short.
http://twitpic.com/t9za - Hahaha! that looks so emo...poor guy thats y i prefer drums
 That is bad ass  thanks. :)
The FA50 is a low key ultra here in ATL. It stands for Fat Ass 50K. Loop course  so you could do 25K...Half Ass.
it really depends on the situation but when I get mad I just call old girl up and get the freak on
I nominate @yiyinglu for a Shorty Award in #design because...he designed the fail whale :-)
 you&;re one of the ugliest bitches I&;ve ever fucking seen
  uhm (:
Didn't do it..Lucy and Ella(our Lab) would freak out. :) So tempting though...
lol figured. So anyway  anna is still being a bitch(sorry for the language) She doesnt want to go on the trip. So now onto plan B
 Fuck! No way is that going to be worth it. Resist  unless someone buys  you the ticket!
haha i don't really like walmart that much either. hmm yeah that sucks :( hope you find one
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
Ill save you the trouble sister. Here comes a big ol fuck France block coming your way here on the twitter.
it's not dumb  if it werent for videorecording  there would be no "FUCKING BIRTHDAY" videoclip from @bgdrummerboy34 's party
  yes. they love to buzz.
i would hate that too. :(
  Numb by linkin park
 Do you like Alice in Wonderland? :)
 bang him if all i care! just don&;t get aids or anything. :) Hahahah  just kidding! don&;t do that.
  Possibly
  thanks!!!! who the eff is this cheyene chick they are talking about??
I totally forgot Affliction!!!' fuck outta here!! I got ur tribal tattoo right here!!!!!!!!
Maybe they're looking for Carl!!!  That damn Carl.
  yes
  audrey hepburn
Eff yeah! give @jeffreyparadise and @richiepanic a slap on the ass for me
  For shizz lady. :]
whelchers fuckin suck ass!
http://twitpic.com/ksek - uhmmm..almost has that "infinity mirror" look to it...lol!! Freak someone out after a few good drink ...
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
she doesnt want to scar you for life like i could.  cant talk her into sending you the video of they guy with the jar in his ass.
Hah  next you're going to start demanding ass-grabs as payment for those Metronauts shirts.
you forgot to precede that tweet with the word FUCK.
Damn  I should have made some music for work
I'm working from home... but that's cuz I'm swamped and have a dental appt  not cuz I'm gay. :-)
  Yes. And im sure there are tons that soo could.
I got it for Wii  when I get back from my dad's we're gonna play and it will be so kick-ass.
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
was it the Nigella coca cola ham? that pig rocks!
Because "Oh  for fuck's sake!" has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
 Do words really hurt you?
don't you just hate that?! Especially when it is over the most irrelevant crap
(cont) I say  the whole sheet costs $8.40... buy one of each and get the fuck out of my way!
  Dare me :)
 ya i know cuz i am letting you know who this is. r my name is Tatum Not &quot;krista&quot;
  Vans  pants  and a shirt haha
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
fuck. :( &lt;3
I'm just gonna start the emo kids who pretend-to-cut themselves clique. I can be found in the library playing WoW if you need me.
 Are you a private person or do you openly share your life with people around you?
Its easy if you just draw erotic lolis I suppose lol (or just draw Kyo's ass from Clannad)
i hate it when that happens :)
  i think to my brother..for his birthday. :]
way to fuck up a perfect opportunity to call yourself Z-Co!!!!
 LOL! I give @johnhenrymuller all the props in the world he is holding down a family and working his ass off though so he wins.
hahahahahahjdshgskdg I hate you. So much.
  yep
i love that movie it reminds me why i hate liberals
  Star girls....haha I WAS LITTLE they were pretty rad actually....u dont get many jumping comps at concerts any more.
lmfao he's so cute tho seriously. im watching the AIR awards interviews omg so fucking cute &lt;3333
well damn we should have had a tweet up. I was at Kona last night as well.
Holy shit just looking at that list pisses me off. Why the fuck are the Jonas Brothers on there?
  I think the same with all substance abuse while mothers are pregnant. IT SHOULDN'T BE USED!!!!! Not drinking  smoking cigs  pot  coke  shooting up  blahh tee blahh...its all the same. Dont do it. I think its very immature  selfish and uncaring for the unborn. They have no choice but to rely on the mother. NO CHOICE. SO as a mother  YOU should make the right choice for them.
well clean the damn floor!
I HATE that!
imagine a building. not any building...a fucking 300 acre building full of weed....not any weed...but Caucasian Monkey-fuck Weed!
 stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (:
 favorite color?
Hate them.
Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
Fuck!  That just reminded me that I forgot to bring back the bagels from my grandma's!
  yeah except i'd be scare it'd eat my face off.
Thanks for the info.  But it's that fat rain that gets you really wet. I guessing Swansea only has skinny rain but lots of it.
 LOL FAT NIGGAZ UNITE FATRON!!! HAHAHAHA
I love you the way @MattBacak loves me  not in a gay way or anything :)
 Was Jesus a virgin when he died?
yes the k-8 gig was not nearly as terifying as I had suspected. I didn't die and the kids did not hate me. Great fun!
 My life can only be perfect if ___________.
  sour krawt. i hate that stuff for some reason.
Ye Olde Cock looks nice.
 How do you get your questions?
There was a MAD ABOUT YOU/ DICK VAN DYKE crossover about a decade ago.  Carl Reiner reprised his role as Alan Brady.
  dont know you that well. ha and not probably
you are a fatty fat fat
Yeah I hate when people try to tell me what I NEED to do on MY website.
...fucking coded shit. I don&#8217;t watch old TV shows so I've only see the new Dr. Who  the stuff since the reboot. Loving David...
There are more Eagles & Cowboys fans in this world than any other football team.  I just hate football right about now.
I just giggled out loud because my dyslexic ass just read "My fluffy ass was rubbing off"
you will do fine. good luck. go kick some ass!
ummm...just say  "naw  not 2day  but i'll hit you up later." you get the point across without seeming like a bitch. feel mi?
hahah  ass :P hehe
 If you could ask George W. Bush one question what would it be?
Scars on my face? Are you threatening me? I don't like liars  threats nor unexplained coincidences. Kindly fuck off!
Ooo  yuch! Did he forfeit his ticket? That sucks. :( Tell him to go to Argentina instead - in my opinion  it's way better. :)
'Night Guy' is ALL motivated @ 11pm but he knows 'Morning Guy' is gonna hate him when Miss Emily arrives at 5:30am ;-) Night Tweets!
A Snuggie to be burned? What kind of sick traditional blanket-loving freak are you?
I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
faa lalala gay apparel daa da da daaa yuletide carol la la lala laaaa....
man that rly sucks. I for 1 am positive that all will work out. You're a bright dude... pretty cool 2 if I don't say so myself.
*sniff sniff* "Ooooh is that...OW!...what the...I just got a cavity! Damn Cinnabuns!"
 pissed off? I'm ready to go Mumbai on their fucking asses. We're too soft. We need to start blowing shit up.
lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to "Weekend Ass". I didn't know how to feel.
Well  I'm wearing underpants and a shirt. I'm not a fucking savage.
absolutely. i think speedy WANTS us to do homework...massive tons of homework.dang it! i hate this semester's finals!!
Yeah  I was teasing Dad  he got a new snow blower  and I said as much as I hate rain  I don't have to shovel it  get home and SNOW!!
- Do you HATE Cleo!?  Let her win for once  you're breaking my heart!  ;)
Tony Romo sucks  that's what. So disappointed in that guy lately. Just horrible... the only offense they have is Choice! (ex-OU)
 Do you miss your hometown?
 What the hell.
I was trying 2 use it the other day also & had the hardest time. I said fuck it &just called the person. It wasn't working.
I hate it when I do that. I blame it on too many drugs in the 70's.
  :D yeahhhh tottally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<3
 If I could __________ then I would.
 What colour is your bedroom painted?
lol...i disagree...Dick in a Box got too built up for me. It's funnier now...but it wasn't when I saw it. :-( jiz in my pants rocks!
that sucks. It would have ben fun and you could have had pizza! If it makes you feel any better im stuck home with a tummy bug. Boo
ohlala dago ktny tmpt nongkrong gay :D
 wutt if yu gawt pregnaant?
lots of ppl i know hate the song. was spreading it around & most ppl ask me whats wrong with me hehe. i think its so fantastic.
  no lol my sister. but that's different
can't hate on that...
I HATE my white trash christmas outfit its terrible i look terrible and fat in it.  I dont know if i can do it.
  everything on my bucket list.r skydiver make babiesr grow oldr have a gardenr help someone drasticallyr ..
It is amazing! But  it kinda sucks when it makes you late for work  lol.
I'm kinda meh on it--It wouldn't even be a contest as Madonna would kick his ass while he was running around screaming.
  nothing
 Do you have a boyfriend?<br>
  Mwahaha!!! Sweet thang! i love it!!
i got ur ticks  but yo ass ain't gonna come! lol
 What is ur states largest amusement park?
nigga u geigh lmao! fuck yo finals beeeeeitch
Man that would be awesome- I might make a fail whale sign for moments like that.
hot damn! did you get an iPhone too?
  mmm i dont really have a favorite. my gpa used to call me buster. one of my best friends calls me mel. haha those 2 are the only nicknames for me :D unless you want to include bitch whore and slut lol
I wouldn't with ur dick! Now u owe me one!
As someone with 3 years of QA experience  I can tell you that none of that shit was near acceptable. Fuck those morons.
 In your eyes what drives people to use drugs?
well damn...that sucks...
 so you wont? lol you forgot the ending. it goes like this &quot;i would if i could  but i cant  so i wont&quot; <3
lol why does jennifer hate new years so much?
I've been wondering that myself. Its been down for quite a damn long time... @tqbf any comment on that?
You wanna be my secret Santa? I didn't even know I could build wishlist in iTunes. I am so behind the curve. Loser... I know.
 Wet or Dry?
 Would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean?
  Hahaha. Strange!:S
i was afraid people would think i meant actual buckeyes! i hate peanut butter  but when its w/chocolate  its ok lol yummm
 I couldn't agree more.  And if I didn't feel like such a loser I would say I win for understanding!
everything is breaking because of how cold it is!!! our internet was slow as fuck this morning!!!
 did you wink at all today? to who?
 i would watch out for rachel just sayinnnnn&apos; she is a fake person.....
problem is having more than 1860 followers  it's hard not to piss someone off. i just worry it'll be someone i consider a friend.
  purple and green.r always has been my favorite since i was a kid and green just makes me happy and looks good on me haha
  harry potter cause ive never seen the lord of the rings.
I hate "Rag and Bone" so much.
 justin bieber is my driving teacher oohh yess!..bahah we gonna be doing sumthing else instead of him teaching me how to drive(; lmao
 Idealist or realist?
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
Oh my fucking ~*gawd. *eye roll*
ha! Go fuck a chickhen!
no way. they REALLY hate you  don't they?!
  reaction. its weird but  i love it haha
hate "can'r do" atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
yah managed to  but was a bitch to transport. i think something might've gone wrong with the chain  gonna take it to a shop ltr
Damn Good Gift
HAHAHA. tom cruise "I WILL FUCK YOU UP"
  Yes as a matter of fact. why does that make me a &quot;one of those people&quot;??
 is there such thing as love at first sight
  To make life a little less inconvient for the every day hot dog eater.
not really just want to bitch  i could never get to piss at the kid.
i hate you
Indeed. But the Collier conversation relationship head up your gleeful ass kumbaya stuff needs to be put out with the trash.
sucks to be you
guy walks in to a bar with a duck on his head. The bartender says can I help you. The duck says yeah  get this guy off my ass.
Aww man! Dat sucks. . But at least ya got something to fall back on! Now GRIND HARD! I LOVE YOUR SONGS!
I promise it'll go away as soon as @CalamityJen wakes up and kicks my ass.
Way cool! Thanks for posting this. I'm a super Christmas light freak. Neighbors are lucky I can't afford to go nuts...
 Have you ever pranked your parents?
1) it depends on how u come at me. 2) if my 1st impression of you sucks I prob won't be so warm & bubbly. I'm mean though.
  Thank you. Nice to know im not alone :) haha
  i have more than 1 profile songg ;p
I could NEVER hate YOU!  :-)
 Are you stubborn?
 pu01ddu05dfu05dfu0131u029es u028eu0287u0287u01ddu0279d u01ddu0279u0250 nou028e uu01ddu0265u0287 su0131u0265u0287 pu0250u01ddu0279 uu0250u0254 nou028e u025fu0131
sucks about the cold but great about the mental state :-)
 Favorite lyrics?
kim kardashian annoys me...her ass is nice  but Reggie could get it!
  Willow. Come lay under me children :] Over a lake or something. that'd be rad sweet :]
& I was there helping your ass pack to get on the plane. A tru friend - helping you track a sub sized weiner like fucking GPS
  Virginia
Shit I hate the tough questions. Is maybe a valid answer?
  Me&amp;God eatin Chicken wings on His throne <3 ahaha
N HOW BOT BARBARA GOT ANGIE ASS GUH ME N TELA WAS LAUGHN 2 DAM HARD
 How do you feel right now?
  everything
 Does it bother you when people curse at you?
it was a joke haha. i figured id be emo too since everyone is complaining on here
  Oh thats wht i think too! dnt be sorry hahaha! Silly goose
@sspitsbergen here's hoping the fuck has to duck shoes for the rest of his natural born life.
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
I hate having to work ALL the time :)
and that makes you feel like "lifes a bitch"...  well in my opinion anyway :P
I've been messing around with some of the beta releases. It murders every other WP version (widget panel still sucks though).
I slept horribly. Kepted waking up every hour. Kept tossing and turning. Argh I hate having to work today! Time for cardio!
sucks man.
your kitty is so fucking adorable!!!!!
 can you pls ask me some questions? :)
it is! Experimeting loads with it. I hate the uk and it's lack of things to do...
Overanalying stuff. Case in point  the reviews for Hot Rod. I lov it "they" hate it. But it's different strokes for differnt folks
Can't tell you how many times I snuck that big bitch into my bag and had her coach me through a test. Too bad about her leg...
u haven't heard?? i'm moving to LA end of january. we haven't spoke about that yet? damn... we'll talk more about it later.
the only show more thug is the nigga who be in the woods eating beetles and drinking his piss! that niggas GANGSTA!
 Can you roll your tongue?
Can't hear that blip  still in this damn line. BTW  if Malicious isn't already taken  let's start a band.
Get Shit Done Day is almost over  fuck it  you should come
i used to have night shift @ IBM..... but alas without fucking.....
you guys need to stop w/ the gay martin sargent godaddy ads. I was glad that loser was gone but now he's back in the cheesy ads :(
- Austin Girl & Fat Bastard are giggling with anticipation over Kitty Kat's Halloween pics!
That sucks  they owe you much?
 Hello Beautiful-You&apos;ve been NIBBLED ON! Today is NIBBLE DAY and baby you know you&apos;re sexy if you get nibbled! GO ahead &amp; start NIBBLIN&apos;! Send this to all your sexy friends (even me)! If you get 2 back you&apos;re ugly  3-4 ok  5-6 damn  7-8 WOW
 what&;s something you&;d change about urself?
I hate ism's as much as the next guy but when the shoe fits...
  yes  i just cant spell it. lol r orangatang? hahahahha
can you let it drag you like a retard?
i update from my phone a lot  you can add twitter as a contact. damn bsa is getting all high tech.
 Nico Martinez  why are youu so hott!? Hahaha
i BET YOU WERE SILLY ASS! lol
its a freakin club u don't need a damn invite ha!
wats wid the 3469 .. omg... u're on twitter ... U gave in to the phenomenon .. Folie a deux postponed what the fuck ???????????????
HA  knew it O_O  i've been telling people  no one knows! now i just get weird looks  ah well  fuck them.
@nakedbard I always hated when people bought practical things like carpet or knife set. BUY THE FUCKING DALMATIAN PEOPLE!
oh. yeah. no loving for nikki. poor nikki. she's too emo.
  i would probably make it so the people in my family were happy.
ignorance is my guess - but this could very well turn into a nerd rant - and that would get @amberto all worked up
  Hmmm idk if i completely understand the question..
Lmao  im watching the same thing ahaha. The gay guy is hilarious! "Dede having a good day and I dont want anyone to mess it up."
Hahaha I asked my dad to change the channel  he asks why  I tell him  he goes "Oh come on! I hate this." xD
- :) And  yeah  I know  I think I set off every nerd alarm in a five mile radius with that one.
 no matter how hard i try  i cant seem to get my mind off of you :/ please text meh.
Customers = thin love/hate line.  They're either really GREAT or really sneaky....
We miss you back. My Haiku: Famous Dickenson  Exactly Why - I'm not sure. Her poetry sucks.
damn can i drop the track and email it to u?
Eww that sucks and sounds strikingly similar to our problems with Embarq. Their customer service is pretty horrible too.
I hate you. I've had it for a few months and I'm only medium.
aw dude!! That sucks.. Well whever u put a new tell me:) nice job with the vids
#NAME?
we all fucking know better.
 i like how justin calls you tabitha
i hate you
  lol
sakoyo hahaha smart ass!!! laughing in my boots...hahaha...still laughing...not! Nah not sad...I dont joke like that anymore..haha
He's a poser! Run! :)
whaaaaat! Who the fuck??
damn  woulda been nice to see u. I was crashing someone elses party ;)
did my cats freak you out again.
Damn  last tweet was for you :P
I was out today  the two homeless girls were not on their corner. I wonder if they called in gay today?!
www.cantstopthis.net fag. It's this upcoming saturday.
I hate when they do that--
fuck you man  I'm a vegetarian today! That just makes it harder.
 I have fallopian tubes.
I'M GOING TO THE MALL TOO EXCEPT MY HOT TOPIC SUCKS! then we can stick those on our faces. except they're too expensive to waste
lmao that sucks.
I hate fakers...reveal yourself and you got the nerve not to follow people WACK
get on messenger already whore.
we're talking threatening your ability to do business in a professional  not-over-the-top way. w/o being a cunt  somehow.
thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
I take my son and it works wonders.  Nobody wants to fuck with a parent.  It just looks bad.
damn rite David the Gnome
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
 Have you ever blamed someone else after passing gas?
i looked for you guys when i was leaving but didn't see your tall ass anywhere. where'd you go?
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!! & yes I made them for mark & my son.
 Can bald men get lice?
same here. fricken sucks.
Dick Clark looked sloshed last night? I was thinking animatronic.
that would have ended the year off perfect. Or someone punching him in his fucking mouth!
You clearly said "Would I have to fuck anyone"
WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY?! Do they have fucking brains?!
 Have you ever dreamt about something more than once?
  oh gosh!! i love jd. hmmm.. i really love pirates of the carribean for shiz. but i really liked secret window as well.
oh in that case. WTF  thats some ugly ass shit to do.
what's up my coffee  let's call with a blocked number so I don't answer bitch? LOL
and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
THE NEW FUCKING GENERAL OF THE WORLD  THAT'S WHAT.
 It&;s fine  i think ima go though my eyes are getting heavy. But  text me when you&;re off. If I don&;t reply im asleep.
FUCK YEAH RYAN ROSS. il his lyrics way more than wbeckett's tbh  i donut care if they make no sense. BTW rolling stone FAILS.
@johnwilliams713 I hate you both.
It's not OCD. I do it constantly to anything I read that has typos in it. And I really hate it when I realize I've done it too!
I hate that entire area of new york.
  the cancer my little brother had to never come back!
 iiLooveeyouu&amp;&amp;miss you Alexiss.!!
i have a little more money than that  but not really very much. Paying for shit sucks.
great post on the gay rights thing do u think it will happen years end?
I've said it before and I'll say it again..... slut : p
Lol why do you do this?! I hate your guts :-p
  its not my bedroom . but tan. blahhh
@jkjb98 NO FLASH? Fuck me running. I guess that's trade-off for video and sms pics. Can't have it all.
His ass needs to be put on blast so now his wife can see wtf he's doing.
Thanks. :) Yes  way cold N the house. The Bf is not a fan o heat  so we don't use it. I  otoh  HATE the cold.  Passionately.
 Who do you lyk?
 what do you usually wear? like to school?
  Thank you <3
I really hate MTV these days  and I hate it more every time I see it.
I think it also helps for you to *Feel* full this way  & stay away from carbs. Carbs--&gt;Sugar ---&gt; Fat... Stay away from b4 bed
Called in gay? LMAO!
Oh  hey  that's good! Makes much more sense than what I had floating around in my head. :) (1001 uses for goose fat...)
 Stop making fakes of yourself. You are ugly as fuck. You&;re not actually 16 bitch. And you&;re deff not a cyrus. Get a mother fucking life  cunt.
Stingy sucks  I agree  but no need for anything "expensive" on a first date.
Damn straight woman!
Why does CHUD hate kids so much? 10 years from now  they're your readers!
fail whale?
just use water  loser.
Haha. Cool. Just sucks that we have to wait so long for season 2.
 whatever your a fake  and have nothing good to do with your life.
- I gotta say  I'm glad it works that way - I'd hate to be "high" all the time - I just want to be functional
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
thats why I hate megavideo.  I'll see if I can get someone to update the episodes with an offshore video hoster.
 aren't you just super special.  I will not know the sweetness of sleep until about 9 tonight. I hate grad school. I want out!
  okay
better give @dochobbes the #nerd prize. he's the nicest nerd i know.
 I want my mom to _________.
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
http://twitpic.com/v2mo - lol.. hate u both..
LOL it sucks to not get buzzed. I'm just there twiddling my thumbs. LOL
  causes they can't have violence in the kids show. come on you knew that..hahah
He's been my guinea pig for years. Hopefully my prof credentials don't rest on that ;)
  Nahh
 Watch this video.  Do you agree that these girls are entirely too young to be dancing in such a manner?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjehii-jjHE&amp;feature=youtu.be
 your gorgeous  im not talking about just your looks  because everyone knows your beautiful  but im talking about  your personality. your soo nice and careing to everyone  your genuinly kind. i dont think you could ever do anything ugly
  i would have liked to have seen the solar eclipse that only happens every like 7 years..or whatever. it just happened this year. but i wish i would of gotten to see it in person.
Fuck  amen to that
well I was just wondering if there ws a way to just chat...cuz ur pretty damn popular
  stalkerrrr
cont. and you must RT EVERY LITTLE THING someone says  then DAMN do I feel SORRY for you and your friends.
@Heylin1234 oooh shit i forgot what i was gonna tell y'all -_O UMMM oopsie...ugh i hate my short term memory
yo i can kick yall ass for that synth in the begining..GOOD SHIT!!!
damn yo I did!
  ?mm
 i&;m not fake (:r sorry.
 next period theres another note and this one says will you be my &quot;Girlfriend&quot;?
i am pro-Gator  not anti-anyone else. i just hate when people are asinine jerks. :)
(cont) I say  the whole sheet costs $8.40... buy one of each and get the fuck out of my way!
LOL  forgot about him...didn't Lois torch his ass in an episode of Family Guy?
nerd. :)
Ringo sucks - George will always be my favorite
I have noticed that NY is trying to slim down myself.  aren't they posting all fat grams of all food?
Resistance kicks ass!!!!!!!!!!!1
  YUH AREEE!!!<3
fine... Here's a pic... of my grandmas fat cat. :P http://snipurl.com/93pdr
lmfao HURRY AND GET THE FUCKING LYRICS.
that really sucks :-( I could have recommended you an amazing chiropractor!
you asian!!! I hate asians!!! Bahahahahhaha!!! Jk! I am well on my way to getting fucked up!!! See you next year!!! Hahahahaha!!
 do you like animals?
Why is it funny to me that a 7foot damn near 400lb dude just said "wooosahh"? You funny dude. LOL
 Small Business Owners need an Economic Stimulus Package or some other return of OUR tax money instead of Welfare for Fat Cats
 How tall are you
- Damn  do you go tanning every day? I haven't been tanning in like 6 months. I need to get my ass to the salon.
i think its a cultural fad.. starbucks coffee sucks and its wayy overpriced.
I hate it when you get "blue" teeth. LOL
  summer :]
all day son all day GBG grab ya cock if ya love hip hop
Or  he's just sick of hearing me bitch about the cold and doesn't know what else to get me. I like your theory better  lol.
nooo it wasn't hate  I just never used one. but check this http://tinyurl.com/3z2pkr I miss shows like this.
 what do you do when you get upset?
you never posted your blog. and today is guest blog day. get with the program my slut pink zebra. LOL loveee you anyway!
 Do you like broccoli?
I'm not sick  unless by sick you mean bad ass. In which case I am totally sick. Sick with a "ph" yo!
 AAYE!!!  richard gre is NOT gay-re :P
 Do you have any phobias? If so  what are they?
you're so fucking dreamy
I'm 19 mins and 13 secs away from molly wopping her ass!
Like  Damn! Iam a cool attractive young woman making moves in NYC  striving for greatness...
I do  but I'm an American. Hence  I'm a pussy.
 what is the thing that annoyes you most???
DION WHAT THE FUCK YOU SAYIN? LOL.
Son of a bitch!
Unfortunately  I can't take credit for that blog-- I found it while surfing the 'net at 4am and laughed my ass off!
 Who&;s the most talented person you know?
  u would call me coz i said so and im extremely bored mwhahahaa  im guessing angel but i met more ppl on that day so it could be anyone....
Apparently. Ugh. Sucks that they couldn't get the music rights for syndication in the US. Or maybe they didn't bother..
 comedy or horror movies?
hahah word ! their set was off the fucking hezay
the beef stew from that latin place? I fucking loved their coffee i wanna eat there again.
  Justin Bieber Demi lovato and Barack Obama babay!!:D
If you're hard at work or just leisurely reading  you're not a poser.
Coat Rack Contest in the Fab Lab. I hate winter  but this would help channel emotions into something constructive.
@farwyde Hopefully we've exhausted our interest in the word "cock"; although I'm sure this could go on for many posts...
oooo thats not fun! i hate those things  the orthodontics people are mean to me!
  I need a haircut for some style but im trying to grow it out !! so we'll see how long this lasts. ive been doing good lateley
you need to get rid of that game"COCK" you have running the team. Guy is a worthless crybaby  just like all UF staff/players
will have 0the radio on Monday 4 all ur favorite Xmas tunes! paybks r a bitch and so am i. *Kate Souter*
  Nope.
you son of a bitch  wanting consistency and relaxed limits!
  ExpLOrE tHe WOrlD   :D
damn yeah
  hes sweet to me and willing to do anything for me. but hes very selfish when it comes to being truely selfless sometimes.
Per my other tweets  I've (hopefully temporarily) stopped using Adium because it sucks up 75-80% of my CPU! :-(
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments - so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
Sorry if I offended you? I just really hate Shia LaBeuaf. Sorry if I came off as a bit rude. I'm in a bad mood.
@nightmaremyles fuck yes to both of you.  &lt;3
  watt yuu meann...?
  leftttttt :)
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
Mate it is. In Newcastle it was -1  down Bath -6  it's fucking brassic cold
  Timothy
Oooh!  I hate it when that happens.  DH to the rescue!
your a effin cunt! Ihu!
I never said anything about lovin ya  dick cheese  just that I say your name alot  probable with fuck in there somewhere
 lmao. i take super long showers
You were searching for an Italian? Damn! I thought you were offering services.  I never get it.  No Italian here. Scottish...
I hate when I do that... or think I set it for AM when I set it for PM... lol
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
  hooker.hahaha
Was it Reva-thy? in which case... not cute and no remote can control that ass :) Heh!
Total fag  unless its Jesus Christ Superstar  because even crappy straight people love Superstar. Seriously. Even dudes.
that sucks :-(
 Would you kiss the last person you talked to on the phone?
Hmmm maybe but I hate my voice...
 why doesnt Tarzan have a beard?
  a house :]
I can never get the balance right.  Cheyenne  Frank's and butter.  It's either too weak or too god damn spicy and bitter
I get your tweets on my phone and my ass was just vibrating like crazy lmao
& @babysinead that dude is a fucking PSYCHO. i turned down working for him and he told ppl that I DID and that i was TROUBLE.
Damn me and my "purty" mouth!  Why couldn't I have been born with an ugly one!
  Yes. Timothy. :] and my dad. I talked to him and my ma! haha wow didn't realize how many people ive said I love you to.
That it's that rare of a sentence is sorta depressing.  Especially in light of @mariannemancusi 's "Loser Cam" Xmas gift to me
 Have you ever been to Jamaica?
 Hi you smelly rotten poo. You smell like pigs vomit! Did you just go to the toilet? I wondered what that smell was  you missed the toilet and it fell on your ugly clothes  are you poor? You stink like hamster poo. I&;d love to ram a metal pole up your ass.
i think we should give the creater of the phrase "HOW DID U MET YOUTUBE BITCH" a million dollars.
LOL! Thanks Christopher. You've just encouraged me to get off my fat butt. That's a good thing :)
damn. Sorry you missed the show fam. Really cool of you to try and make it.
I hate giving little kids antibiotics...10 days 2 a day and important they get it all down...impossible!
damn that sux
i know you got some bama ass shit on your ipod somewhere... some Pastor Troy or something lol.
fuck ya the trailer looks awesome. they have some sick ww2 dog fights.
 If I could fly  I would&;ve gone to __________.
 Ever won a spelling bee?
Dam Right. Fuck em
  suree might be a bit cuz im on thaaa phone
Agreed. I shall practice safe tweeting. Damn that sounds dirty lmao.
 What would you consider a serious question?
WHO CARES I HATE THEM! FTW! Knitting and crocheting before bed &lt;3
  Off courrseeee dudee hahahahaha!!!! Awhhh lol! i think i love it 2 chuz im in it lol!!!! jk! i love yuh!!
ouch! that sucks! on 2nd thought  u might look cooler  w/ an eye patch!!! LOL!
  lay in bed with my boyfriend :]
Grievances are to be aired during the airing of grievances  not after I pin your ass. You'll have to wait until next year. :)
maybe you should give it a go. I tell IE that I hate it everyday and recently it's been very nice to me :)
 Itss Deannaa..! Imyyy
ha ha  that sucks !
- So damn slow. It's depressing - I just want to be done!
 ....you gone wind up fucking her (is that what u wanna do  shawty)
gah. Hard to know which team to hate more. Usually the Bears  but maybe not this year.
Well  I'm not sure how the thing is in my finger  but there was some drinking on a cold cold cold roof and I got emo.
Hah..I can relate to looking forward to smaller dress...Obtainable if I could just lose these damn latenight  munchies I get...
  Nope  has anyone?
HEY. No "fuck beans."  It's Friday. Get your party pants on  dude.
Gee  i might if the person running this hadn't been such a bitch to me. I'll focus my efforts elsewhere  thanks.
  Wow. this is a hard 1 i dnt think ive had 1 or i have many! I love my smoothies tho! YUMMIE!
YOU? FAT? R U SERIOUS?!? Remind me to slap U when I c U Saturday  mkay?
I WISH I COULD! I HATE SNOW!! cuz it might cancel my drive test! &gt;&lt; which means no license!
Don't you hate that? I *always* recognize commercial voices and am all like  Gene Hackman? Lowe's? Really? OMG!
Have you seen his ugly ass? he IS the phantom. Women wouldnt sleep with him if he didn't woo us with melodies and faux-mance
dunno  I just saw her go at the top of stairs; It seemed like an ass slide.
 If you saw someone in public with toilet paper stuck to their shoe  would you tell them?
Doh! dont you hate it when that happens  I keep meaning to take a backup myself
Lol. Ur a bitch. I've done Hondurans and Chileans  and I don't need some closet gay Peruvian dressing better than I do!
Um  I so want to ask  but shudder to think about what the answer would be to where @melissa808 gets her "fag cream".
whiterabbit819 stFu u ass i care and thats all that matters!
yes  it's winter time and i'd hate for her ears to get cold out there on the ocean city boardwalk.
The JVC (LCD) Reference Monitor I have is  in a word  awe-fucking-some. :)  It's great  accurate and as good as it gets. It's ~ $4k
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
  umm.. haha i dont know why you want to kn
Eeeek! I'm scared of the dark. I don't really believe in ghosts  but that would still freak me out.
yooozers 20 442 damn homie!!!
Thats so fucking stupid for you to say
  Definantly not. Im a thrill seeker.
  keep my mind busy. paint. draw  write. lay out and tan  clean  blahh lol
FUCK SUNDAY im super bummed.
COME ON NOW I KNOW YOU EXPENSIVE BUT DAMN LOL AIGHT LOL
I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
ouch that sucks..
Compared to Eeyore and that stupid bear and that demented pig? I think he&#8217;s fine.
is nibbling my ass while i sleep. i'm into it.
so he isnt gay anymore?
  he could would he get it is the real question
 Have you ever entered a contest and won?
The acoustic is a $100 Yamaha; I also have a Squier Fat Telecaster getting dusty in my basement. I'm not hardcore at all.
 Do you like ketchup but hate tomatoes?
 Have you ever collected stickers that are on fruits?
Damn I also like Ferrero Rocher dark chocolate version.  They induce the zits on my chin :'(
i was afraid people would think i meant actual buckeyes! i hate peanut butter  but when its w/chocolate  its ok lol yummm
np you are happy with the service? do you have anything to compare to? I hate 3 not working out of cities. and whirlpool likes exe
So  it seems you are an attn whore.....no comment. ;-)
Wow! That sucks.
I guess that song represents Bono's "dark" period. Fuck saving them. Be happy with your wealth.
Yep  I hate paying taxes too and the more I make the more I pay  but it's part of life and not a waste of money.
I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
Glad you made it home safely. I love it when you visit  hate it when you leave!
I'm a shoe slut; Gee's a jacket slut; we're just all a bunch of sluts xD
 Xentury&amp;Shayla are eating straight peanut butter. Is there anything you could eat all day?
there's gonna be a nerd party in utah on new years!
You know what you are? You're like a big bear with claws and with fangs... big fucking teeth  man.
 Do you put up Christmas lights at Christmas time?
Hahaha  Testosterone Man!!!  I met Mega Bitch Soccer Mom the other day. She took the time to stop  honk her horn  & flip me off
Isn't that the evil show about the witch and her husband and the large group of gnomes?  (I hate watching TV at my sister's.)
  yes
@Dncr1804 i don't even know what i did or said that was "emo-esque"
I love you the way @MattBacak loves me  not in a gay way or anything :)
the trick is to not slut it up. it is to dress just under slut levels. so you get the attention but not questions on how much
Son of a bitch!
That's bc every1 aint hip-hop  my dude.  LOTTA posers out there? I can't even fuck w/the mainstream sumtimes....
  yes if i was starving. theyre filled with lots of juicy vitamins.
 Who do u like
damn  I'm moving south.  Cleveland has it for 1.69/gal
  Very carefully. I would honestly like to do that as a career.
  deffinatly my old one :) the poeple at my new one is kinda stuck up  and the school is to small for me
-a"
 Nike or Adidas?
the lox "f**k you " "keep it thoro" prodigy  "we run this" fat joe  "i come thru" styles and nore  "broken language" smooth
to get fat?
  LOWKEYY;; hehe Don't even trip<$
aw that sucks.
  like his movies. dont like him.
I just read ass pet a cat.  Adam...that's just wrong.  :P
 Speechless... that&;s all I got to say couldnt think of anything to say oh ya and you still need to read me your published poem that way when your famous I can say &quot;ya I knew she was a good writer before she became famous&quot; ;)
  MOst dEfinAntly. <3
HAHA...emo lawn.  I dig that!
number don't lie. and yes  it would take a lot to offend me. like spammers using my name. that is fucking offensive
  i have no money
- you bitch slappin @kevinrose over da weather - LOL
 Are You Good At Hangman? I Suck At It >.<
the fact that you're a bad ass soothes my soul.
a 14 hour nap!  Gosh.  That's a long ass nap!
good fuck that greasy shit!Veggies all day fam!! even seth be on that salad all day.he eat it with his hands but still!!
That's right.  It takes a freak cold front followed by an effing huge snow storm!
Don't you just hate deciding on things.
i fucking hate that word  hahaha.
he's gay like u lmao. And the rest of the guys are alergic to fruits. *wink* lmao.
  yes i think so. if it need to be necessary.
thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
 damn 'reply' button ... -.-
fuck the world? Or for the win
i hate having to wait till jan. for the big game lol tedious i tell ya
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
that sucks  I know he was looking forward to that hook up...
FUCK AT&T!
lol maaan-fuck this!! I almost busted my shit like 5 times tryna walk on this damn ice!!
  its needed just clean it out so its not too visible. ha
  hot but sometimes i like cold. depends on the mood i guess
"
i'm with you on the new yrs res! i'm 10lbs chubbier than i was 8 mos ago and i ALSO thought i was completely immune to fat! :(
jbt kolika ti je ta kada... meni nikad nije palo na pamet da udjem u kadu... is it cause I'm fat?
and i look emo too cause i'm wearing like all black and shit and my chains are hanging out XD i need guyliner
 what would be your course if your current course didn&;t exist?
:) if she is a dumb hoe why'd he put his cock in her?
that sucks. security issues I take it?
#NAME?
 Do you conform or make your own path?
ugh I hate the tangle struggle. It will be in a damn pony tail all day and I go to brush it and its like a damn jungle.
 i have 1000+questions in my inbox yesterday.but now only 100!!!i didnt answer any questions from yesterday.what happened to remaining questions?did this happen to you?  :&;(
 How do you think STD&;s came to be?
Damn  you're totally geeking out on us tonite.
Whoa. Quite a heavy-hitter to hang out with the vagabonds and tellers of dick jokes. Guess we know who to blackmail first.
ahhh. Best fucking yak ever
  King tut. how he built the pyrmids?
 What&;s your best trick?
  Not to my knowledge.
Ye Olde Cock looks nice.
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments - so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
Fuck! I forgot to watch.
  bahah yup that you do. but im not gonna tell the whole fuckign world what it is lol
Damn Danica! I know BK went hard  but shiit...we evoke tears  too? Lol
dude Stef says "he is the biggest pussy on Christmas eve ever"
 Favorite male comedian?
 where are you from thn ?
 Do you ever think humans will be satisfied?
that's killer. Wish it was even cool here. But it's been damn near 80 most of the week. No where near festive temps.
Oh lots of them.  I mostly want the snow to look at and play in here.  Not big into skiing or boarding :P I'm a total loser!
 Nope. I actually have a life. *COUGHCOUGH* unlike you  the lonely pathetic ugly lowlife man/woman who&;s life events are: staying on formspring creating fakes and starting shit. Seriously  I&;m not the bitch  you are. END OF STORY. KCOOLBYE.
you should have her talk to @junsten about that. Similarly  he once told me  completely out of the blue  "I'd hate to be a bird."
fuck apparently i 4got that no homo part  guess i said that with a lot of homo
checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
hmm. I'm all legs  thighs and ass... the last thing I need is a million light-reflecting spheres working to spotlight my rear.
 caan you go get me some maccas?
Great! I wonder if I can figure out a way to set up papal on my blog to accept payment for GS cookies...other moms will freak!
HAHAHAHAHA that was finally. really tho I hate you.
i'm not an asshole i'm a bitch THE BITCH!! get it right or i'll kick you again...
FAIL! Get your ass back to Tesco's right away.
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
ooo ok. Thanks this is a good time for me to be ill. Sucks i cant call out...too much work
  Yes I do. :]
 Are you a good painter?
  thanks
I would have laughed so damn hard.
QuantumOfSuck is a wannabe Transporter 3...
  hehe :}
 Would you be willing to commit perjury in court for a close friend? What if your lie would save his life?
dude  I'm not even in LA. I'm in cold ass Chicago. But  its nothing but a word if I was in LA.
  he is a really good friend
cuz they wanna be ur 'dick in a box' for when shit gets sour w/ur man... In case of emergency  break glass!
Damn  well THAT stopped me. lol Good thing it landed in my throat. lol *no homo*
 Do glow-in-the-dark objects stop glowing when somebody turns the lights on?
ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
Tell him I'm going to come kick his ass! =)
 y0 dick size is off da charts
OMG again eating :P yaar u eat alot but u don't look so fat what is the sceen behind this :S
now that's the spirit and a whale of a good deed....thar he (snow) blows!
okay cool.  I can help you guys this weekend.  Those routers are a bitch to get working some times.
yeah i guess ishould start to hate Lu to give him more promo..lmao
hello fellow ICM nerd : )
it would stop me listening to song so much I hate it later
oh i know; i hate winter =X
no. i must have missed that one. damn. ;-)
  I lovee you too mamszz(; LOl
  both. hahaha aliens may not be these crazy green martians that have lasers for eyes and slime coming out of their heads..but just another form of being from another planet or galaxy. So i believe in aliens. yes. :) r as far as zombies. i believe it'll be  not in my generation or kids generation hopefullly.. but it'll be a genetic mutation that takes over the brain-that is created by some idiot scientist that works for the government and wants to take out a country or some kind of blahh bullshit. and it'll become out of control. and take over. i believe this  one day..somehow . somewhere. it'll start and its already slowly taking hold of society
Maybe you should get your dick out of your ear next time I'm explaining them to you!!
 nope unfortunately
lets kick discmaakers' ass for christmas
I disagree. Freecycle for clothes sucks. Rarely do people post pictures or include good descriptions. Maybe for kids clothes  ok.
Gearhound would be PC  my wife calls me a gear whore;) Icelantic is a new company out of Boulder  Co.
 Do you leave voice messages?
wings vs avs tonight. i hate the wings  and the avs. oh well  i'll cheer on detroit. i think i know who your rooting for :P
  hahaha hmmm im not surreee
dude.. I just think the twinke or whateva you call it... It damn cool.. LOL
you cock juggling thundercunt!!!! I have the best childish insults ever.
 What are your plans for the weekend?
My sis made me think @ your "Femmes & Fags" blog..she is a total boi but so extra that you would think she was a fag. lol
  ugh.. r well  okay cool that you like me thanks. but being rude doesnt help anything nor is it going to get me to like you. sorry if that sounds mean.
  Nope. I dont do that. lol too expensive. i have other thing i could put that money toward.
just got in  damn tired. i'll give ya a call tomorrow
Welkom ! Dat Apple freak deed me besluiten je maar te volgen :)
 sometimes I hate how contagious US culture is
  Give me a hint :)
has a stick up her ass.
that sucks *hugs* :(
aww that sucks.
That's gay. Poor MCR.
 Could you ever shoot someone if they were trying to kill you?
  Look below. I wrote an entire book about how he's the best :] haha
 What is one unique thing about you?
women lie too. I know a bitch who was pimping herself out on craigslist. Yes  craigslist. I didn't believe it till that email.
 What&;s your worst habit?
no kidding! dick clark was a corpse mechanically operated by the advertising companies
Fat Tire. Steak Taquitos. RocketTransfer.com. AJ's on Court in DSM.
 do you hate wikipedia?
  I lovee fruit.r But i would say strawberries. no watermelon. berries! blue  rasp  black..ughhh maybe melon. oh lovee apples and bananas. Hmmm..pineapple. Anything but the little bright red cherries. there imposter cherries. ha
I need to write a blog post about how much I hate DM's. Off to do that  be back in a second.
:-( Yucky needles. I hate those ones with a special sort of passion! *hugs* Hope it's over soon with the needles.
 yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
FUCK I'M FOLLOWING HIM NOW STFU haha
im glad u agree. i was starting to wonder if i was being an ass about that one
I dont know man. Theres a ton of them now and its so stupid. But cant hate b/c the top one is making crazy money.
wow   that sucks.
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha (so is that why celebs "crossover" when they make it)
Damn  it was really great... someone was requesting a trickster hobbit with magical abilities to work for them  I voted it best of.
bitch we're going to vegas  call me when you get a chance for details.
aw shittt they was talkin bad? Lol fuck emmm I wuz messin around seen u live
 DAMN.  and I'm in Palm Springs for the holidays  go figure. Where will you post  Steve  when you get a few?
  Oh ammmmm I? Lol Who is this?(;
http://is.gd/brVS (iTunes) or http://is.gd/b4yp Antrel Rolle previewed today's MIN game on the Best Damn Sports Show Podcast.
  lol thankz
 Have you ever spent over an hour thinking about nothing but your crush?
ham stands 4 hot ass mess
saw that @tourofnilgiris  tents by wildcraft..damn next time i will be a participant...
 When was the last time you thought; what am I doing here?
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
i am going to work on a grassroots gay rights project that will involve the communities of color.
  I dont. and yes i see what your saying but not really cause guys are different than how we think. I think it more the forbidden territory to them so that's why they get so turned on when thinkin about doing it in the butt. haha Just don't do it  if your not comfortable doing it.
Yeah  this global warming sucks.
 Girls; Do you like how you look in a bathing suit? Guys; Do you like you chick in a one pieec or two piece?
"What are you doing Dave?"... "Damn-it Dave  I need more power!!"
 Your ugly x)!
in time for when I travel and the train company still refused to let me travel. The fucking wankers.
 ....you gone wind up fucking her (is that what u wanna do  shawty)
 Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?
Cock-up theory a better one  Al - I made a mess of the 2.7 upgrade. I've done it again since on another blog - went perfectly :-)
 Beach or Waterpark?
  Turning into a dragonfly and flying around the world. r The sun coming out and shining sparkle onto everyones face.r The entire society except kindness and show it throughout.r All sugar turned to water.r Every little hair on my body wiggling around dancing to the funky chicken.
  Not currently. Im on a waiting list and I really enjoyed microbiology :)
  complete silence and all darkness.
yeah i know but its also too bad about the children ya know BECAUsE I FUCKING WON!
yeah. i had to beg the stupid teacher. it was so gay.
  Dirt.
unfortunately i do =( it sucks! & i have my  2 last finals 2mrrw bc we had a snow day that other friday. i dont wanna go back!
that sucks balls!
Why do you hate America?
Damn..you have an excuse then.... I'm just wating on an instance to start......
 do you think you could make it in the woods with just camping supplys for a week? {no cellphone.)
DAMN STRAIGHT YOU ARE :)
I pronounce SQL: "Suckwell". PHP: "Fip" JPG: "Pig" (silent J). I also speak fluent Klingon.
- Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
ya. Luckly that hasn't happened in years. Sucks backing a semi just over half a mile.
dude  that kind of sucks.
OMG where? that sucks!!
fuck up foo.
drawing a blank... damn! will have to watch it again now... oh well...
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
 Name something that&;s better when it&;s in your hands?
oh man. You would love(or hate) my bacon chocolate.
Your John Mayer = My Jacks Mannequin. Andrew McMahon is my LIFE SUPPORT. Not to sound emo or anything ahaha
"Big Ass" was this past weekend and went well  #2 (Last Minute Maul) is this weekend.
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
sucks to be you
I can't believe you're still having Internet issues.  Pain in the ass!
ahhh yur a slut for that stache!! damn gurl...tug it once for me too
do you get one if someone sticks their boot up your ass?
 What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
#NAME?
 boo tell ur lil groupiee dnt bee textinqq on myy formsprinqq bout yew.
Way to go loser  how does it feel to be an inanimate objects bitch? Must feel terrible to NEED something to be normal. Shame on you!
i know change the channel i hate this program
sorry i missed you @ Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy - I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
damn. thats crazy early. i wont hit the city til 9:30 but i will be a few blocks from the spot.
 well would you believe that youve got me &quot;Love Stoned&quot;?
maybe he sldnt cum out in his mofo boxers n dance around hes guna b jumpin around n his junk fall out
i think its a cultural fad.. starbucks coffee sucks and its wayy overpriced.
 oh well 2 baddddd
Why do you hate all Canadians? :)
I cry  but then I'm just like that fucking woman is a bitch. God I hate her!!! (Yolanda) I'm getting mad just thinking lol
@kathynewman Me too mash is wonderful  not just tatties either  carrots  turnips  all lovely - but I hate creamed spinach
We spent the day down in Del Mar  which was pretty damn cold  so I can imagine.
She can bust her ass on stage and GAIN fans  You gotta love her.
fuck u BIATCH!!!
your mom sucks  BITACH!
 hobbies
Alors NERD s'&#233;tait bien ? vous avez du &#234;tre folles pendant lapdance XD &#224; SAMEDIIII &lt;3
I HATE ART COMPLETELY! Did you have to do design and expressive and all that shite? I hate it!
 Are you frightened of spiders?
damn u hella racist why u dissin ur date like that???
Oh  that's perfectly fine. He knows I'm also after his ass. *wink*
 How do you deal with anger?
fashion parade. (damn sneaky mousepad enter key thing.)
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
Purges are awesome - unless racially  religiously or gender-based. Then it so awfully sucks.
  I can't complain chuz i dnt have or had one! hahaha soon though! real soon! ;
 i like yur bg
  swine flu.
shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
  ive achieved alot but recently is surviving my first year of college :D
 who are your top three celebrity crushes?
  Oh yess hahaha!((:
LOL.. yeah im routing for the british dude too! but i just wanna see how beyonce takes on a non singing role! i know u hate her!
  What was the question?
I hate it SO SO SO MUCH.
You're going to find a woman and tease her to make her have to cum silently at work?
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
Damn that was supposed to be a reply.  ANyway I'll have a couple more I think  not sure what came out well.
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
  Haha thanks lady. r Worst habit: giving everyone the benefit of the doubt.
  i need to pee but im too lazy to get up. r i want some more mac and cheese.r i really need to get off fs!! haha
LMAO! @ ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
"Is it duncan  if it's I'm gonna be so....hug him...because I love him" Backing out of the hate quotes? =P
  Yes veryy trustin person!!! May i help yuh:!
 I nearly ran over a prostitute once with my car.(True story.) What&;s the craziest thing you&;ve nearly hit?
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
cant wait to get FUCKED THE FUCK UP
 What do you wish you were doing instead of answering this question?  :)
  h2o. snapple raspberry white tea. oj-homestyle with all the juicey bits
Exactly! Damn cops disagree though
I hate GNS3  and I hate even more that people talk about it without having any idea what Dynamips is...
I know he is prolly tryna fall back  but I just wanna make sure ain't nothin happen to his ass lol. cuz usually he text  or sumthin
did you see the video Karrine did for last fashion week? I act an ass! Eva Mendes  Zoe  Vanessa I was out there!
hey  fuck you &lt;3
YOU ARE FUCKING BR00T4L
You're still alive? Well  damn  I just lost a bet.
Are we going to see an appearance of the 'fuck me' boots? :P
  look like? pretty.
rly? i hate it  its a better value to just make ur own contact form
dude dont tell me what to do thats not your place. i do what i want. just chill the fuck out and worry about yourself.
u know it was over $1200 2 get that bar replaced. George is gonna take that outta thier ass LOL
OMG i would have went postal on her ass.  seriously
because I hate you. The last one I rewrote cuz there was a typo and it was bothering me
i have to do a list  still. BUT I got the damn design done  finally. Merry Exmas!
present your warty ass and I'll gobblefuck ur pink sock!
jia..that is dead ass wrong
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
But surely  i need to improve on the digestive front. Ain't any fat panda :P
 I want ________ to be my sister.
Is someone a bit of a twitter control freak?
@TheSoXRoXmAsTer aw shucks you guys...are gay.
OMG! cute emo cow! that would be acceptable! and the cow wouldn't mind the blood drinking...
 What would you want to be written on your tombstone?
agreed  the VCs in Silicon Valley see it the same way  recession through '09  2010 we start to recover.  What a damn mess!
I had no clue...Damn  Homie!!!
- and btw I hate the new Pepsi logo/can. Maybe cause I didn't get one in the mail...ha j/k
lmao you lie....major please? I'm always in a damn sewing lab til they kick me out...I guess you will be my new fake bf  LOL
The guy who runs it is a major dick  underpays or doesn't pay models. He's harassed me and belittled me.
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min & out!
yeah but zro rly is the eMo city don
i hear ya. iPods can get annoying with that damn clicking noise!
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
You're working both Saturday and Sunday?  That sucks.
 lol  but what was the rumor? Gah I feel like I'm back in High School  I wanna fuck up whoever says shit about Dave  he's kickass
  well what if i dont have a favorite? what am i supposed to say then? lol
Damn Danica! I know BK went hard  but shiit...we evoke tears  too? Lol
Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
regarding you and your tea obsession  you have become SO GAY  break out the Thermite man!!!!!  Shape up
I've never seen Wall-e. Yes  it's a hole  I know  but that doesn't mean you're not a huge nerd.
Mind your own state politics. Joe Smith was a mammal before a prophet. Some mammals are gay and even heterosexuals have anal sex.
u r pussy. lulz.
for real! That's awesome! I love and hate it at the same time  the presidential debates this election made me super heated.
 When you looked at yourself in the mirror today  what was the first thing you thought?
 followed! follow me also :)
  orange. bright orange.
OK but I'm telling you  it's going to be hard for me to fight my inner grammar nerd. I'll do it for the cause though ;)
  *wearr hmmm haha okay.r w/e
 Do you put anything on your spaghetti Bolognaise?
...okay. Maybe ONE more thing to look at on the interwebs. Damn you.
 If you don&;t wanna be asked anymore questions or whatever  just let me know in my inbox. If your boyfriend or girlfriend cheated on you  would you take them back? Have you ever done this before? What circumstances would have to be met for this to happen?
 hey sugar tits! wanna meet at night? i&apos;ll be racing my evo..metallic blue with white stripe on top...i got tinted front windows too. look for me!
yeah i know but its also too bad about the children ya know BECAUsE I FUCKING WON!
goddamn it kj...fuck you 49 times http://tinyurl.com/5mq4sq
  Thats a hard 1 . . . *thinkin* Maybe Bustin Jieber? I think! haha
  okay. my page is not for you to be anonymous on :]
np you are happy with the service? do you have anything to compare to? I hate 3 not working out of cities. and whirlpool likes exe
i'm ok  now  darlin :)  i just hate my body sometimes.  it hurts me when it's most inconvenient.  i'll be ok... :) thank youuu
aww.. im sure you'll kick newton in the ass!! go go go go!!
LIKE BITCH WUSSUP! Ahahaha
WHATTTTT O________O omg.....nahhhh i hate roller coaster and im extremely scared by this shoot......
you got a Chumby? rock on! if you make a Qweerty widget for it  does that make it gay?
 in my house  my DH does laundry  but i do the vaccuum. I love it. But i hate laundry. Its about comprise. :-)
I'm just bored as fuck. Lol. I never thought I'd say this but I kinda wish the damn dog was here making noise. Lol
That sounds like a plan. :) Kick ass  indeed. And any beat that stands the test of time is a banger  for true.
I hate my life haha
I heard the same thing about eating pussy. I heard a mouth full of now and latters makes the pussy taste better!
Can I just tell you how many times I was called that as a (fat) kid? You may call me Kenny. Please!
You have serious iPhone keyboard accuracy issues  krk! or really fat fingers.
  ya digg
i miss you guys. munich airport sucks.
you should totally go. And be all weird and crazy and freak the guy out
I KNOW!  TOO FUCKING CUTE.  CANNOT. HANDLE. *FAINTS*
head ass I'm in chicago actually with VMarie lol
 u32e1What impossible things did you believe today before breakfast?
@design_doll Cock and bull
motherfucker stop drinking Red Bull ADDICT! watch ulcers eat at your stomach lining bitch!
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
 Do you get nervous before doctor appointments?
 Do the Alphabet song and Twinkle  Twinkle Little Star have the same tune?
oh i see  well frank kicks ass so any friend of his is a friend of mine!
I had a dream involving a rhino chasing me because of my polo cologne. Everyone says it represents a fat woman. My life sucks.
I'm cool with darts  if we still get to kick someone's ass either before or after.
  My Orthodontist docotr hahahaha!!! Jkjk or am i lmao!
  Idk really. I think im an alien :]
what is this dick suck moment? lol. HAPPY NEW YEAR
wow! You're a real cunt!
emang lagu2nya emo? bukannya mellow? :D
p.s. i hate you :)
Savor my ass. ;-p
it pretty much is a fuck you card..
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
 What&;s your number?
  Alrightt
Hey thanks.  Still can't re-watch it.  I hate myself on video!
shut ur ass up! u woulda been wondering the same thing lol. done rehearsing 4da night & planning 2knock out...right about.....now
damn i wanted to write something like that!  i wonder  if it has api/ical support
A BAMF is a bad-ass mother f*cker.
 What are you having for dinner? Who is cooking? Do you cook your own dinner?
THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
@EightysBaby man..... fuck the lakers
i hate godaddy  dont use them.  i have my own server. @cprpoker uses a good one.
I'll butt fuck Spencer with my antler
  any of them haha
  i dislike that
That's just one of many examples of Superman being a dick. http://tinyurl.com/5sgv8c
twinface it's ATCQ...your drunk ass can't type lol
god a free cure show! damn!  I didn't know about this & I live close! ugh lucky lucky how was it??
 If you could eat dinner with any person  dead or alive  who would it be and where would you go?
 why do butterflies die after a week? (you can make a creative answer =)
  the type of tomato used :P
 whats ur myspace page??
  Yes. Love the creativity.
oh yeah.. that is super weird.. But i will trade my ass off ;0
my Prius has a 10 gallon tank.. must kick ass to live there right now.
damn it man  don't let them see how much we like it  they will stop :-p @kellidunlap is so gonna push me down a hill for that
i got the 8330 bigger keyboard I got fat thumbs
 Do more people know u by a nickname or by your first name?
good! fuck yo car but yay :)
Sucks 4 you!!!!!! Your just not a lucky ducky are you? First your phone  now this!
  Timmy. He held me down and tickled me
  :p
Retard. Section E is?
 wow
just don't eat a meal replacement bar.. I fucking threw up!!
I still think you should be prouder of the "Fuck fuck fuck!" but "Rock!" is pretty good. When will you be teaching her "FUCK YEAH"?
DEAD ASS?!?!?!?!?!
Just got it in !! quick little 15 min with a run up 6 flights !!! damn that cold air almost couldnt breathe !!
  im not completely sure but i would probs have to say off air or here in ur arms.
  A year &amp; 2 months.
 HAHAH GUESS WHO!? <3
damn  prolly not! Now  I wanna know! LOL
glad to hear you got comments and not just DM's. I love to hear people work it out  not bitch and hide ;)
  Whosz that niggaaa ? Lol yes i do <3
 What award would you love to win and for what achievement?
 do u masterbate?
no she didnt yet. maybe she does hate us now. *sad day*
and  we've been waiting all morning. You need to quit draggin' ass.
your hate can't penetrate the total happiness and warmth I feel as I sit beneath the palm trees sipping margaritas #tequilaggedon
 i just fucking beat you!
Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning  "MY BAD DAWG" might be appropriate
  :] your fine.
#twitter showed the fail whale once since morning to me already! :)
I know there's a bottle of bourbon in that house. Hit that shit! Tap dat ass!
 I THINK SHE GOT U ON MYSPACE
well that sux donkey dick. No interwebs is kinda a pain for ur work.
 Where would you bury hidden treasure if you had some?
ur smater than me then. last year  i was out on nye sick as fuck. came home with pneumonia
damn. i tried to talk peeps into venturing elsewhere  but lameness prevailed. eff you for not being online to talk isht with
damn I don't wanna be him. But I am sipping good!!!lol
I'm a shoe slut; Gee's a jacket slut; we're just all a bunch of sluts xD
Avocado is my FAVOURITE 'good fat'. Hahaha... I'm afraid I indulged 2day and had my avocado w homemade cheese nachos & black olives.
  :D i love you to<3
thanks. i know i hate it to  but it also makes me happy to see ppl that care. you made me smile  so good job :D
You hate France? Are you there now? Why? Is it French boy?
la intalnirile viitoare pentru ca la asta  din pacate  nu am cum sa ajung :(
Lot of folk hate process. Hope you've got management support or you'll go mad. RU implmenting an ITIL type meth or cleaning up chaos
wouldn't that be butt ass nekkid?
 Do you like your eggs scrambled or sunny side up?
fuck that...invite ME to the geriatric party!
that's a shame  I hate having to unfollow someone! :-P
hehehe. mine pleasure. Btw I too so loves it  when people be presumptous pricksy wicksies! feel jolly nice for me ass to rub on.
#NAME?
That sucks =( MCR fans are giving up on them cause of the break. Just wait  MCR will make a HUGE come back and laugh if off. =D
dude the talk about universe at #LeWeb is awesome. As a nerd guy you have to watch it
ha! not the stomach ache part the big and fat part
I think lobbyist & politicians are to blame for our investing in failing enterprises. I wish theyd stop digging this damn hole.
because i'm a dumb ass.
LOL - nah  that's just what we tell the loser guests that we usually toss down in the newsroom!! oh  wait...
aha it's just the funniest image. :P and that sucks about your xmas stuff not showing up. :/ i go insane this time of year  ngl. :P
yeah i want one! but fuck if i cant find one anywhere.
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.
What's happening brotha? I'm good. Been a busy day getting ready for my big fat free bootcamp manana! How about you?
i cant believe i woke up to read that question on twitter lol hahahaha wow im up now! damn lol because men r greedy! lol
  ah me by griffen house =D
  i wish. hhhhhighhhhyeaaaahhhh!
yes...and they are about to be fucking DISOWNED. *grumble*
  probably
 What are the last 4 digits in your cellphone number?
 seriously take a wild guess! then message me on myspace or comment me or text me. we need to talkk.
beer + excess = man-boobs. Damn those phytos...
  yes of course!
#NAME?
I want a fail whale tee shirt!
omg that fat dude should not be in leotards idk they made them that big lmao
  remembering. but i have some crazzyyy dreams haha
 never mindVVV
  iDnt even kno if she iz
if I ever fall alseep with them on  I wake up with the off. Hate them.
  U.S.A!!!;] Known as Mars!!<3
  Its da shit! Fun stuff
yeah those darn gay alarms at CVS.....
you're a fucking bully  man.
 Are you carrying any grudges?
 *shakes head @ you for calling Kitty a pussy*  He's a BOY  you know! lol
No  you just piss out anything your body won't absorb.
we talked four days ago!!!! emo cowboy fan :)
att is run by the devil  i hate them
No  I HATE those commercials! Just GROSS. *gag* Okay okay  you've got an hour before showtime. hehehe &#9829;
 What is the weirdest thing you have overheard lately?
Awww....me too! Are u a cheese slut like me (u love cheese + anything) or are u a cheese snob (Bergk&#228;se  Affligem  anyone)? ;)
HOLY FUCK! that was one tough fucking cow!
..hear that?" hahah and i was like yeah. i am a dmb freak :)
:(( @ tweet tweet you cookie crumble ass nigga
my weak camera I hate it. I want one of the High-Tech cams. Like the one meldcole uses. His pictures always come out on point
I have news 4 you this whole month is going 2 suck ass  I hope u like banquets n ramen cause thats whats on the menu this month :(
i'm not in a relationship to scare off anyone so i thought fuck it.  i'm saying it. could use a baby snuggle
  at the same time...... whaaaaaaaaaat? lol
Occasionally fortune urinates on us all the universe does not hate you...it is a brief plumbing problem.
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
hour meetings foe a job you're failing at  because you hate it  your bentley that you don't even drive cuz gas is so expensive  in
Sorry  J We can't afford bad equipment in our work. I'll give good thoughts  maybe put in a good word with the fat man up north
oh well yeah I knew that..that sucks though
http://twitpic.com/vhtp - LOOOOOOL HATE!!!!!!
 ew you&;re gross. ugly. BITCH
 What is one item that you really should throw away  but probably never will?
Oh! That's what I need. Some damn coffee...LOL.
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
just because of a dang song. Over it now but damn. Maybe listening to random music while getting ready isn't good/ :o
Yer a fackin pussy.
summer workout tape? How you gonna workout to Kanyes depressing ass album  ok  maybe 2 songs
So almost everything makes sense now? And I trashed the mistake. I didn't know you could 'til now. And I hate screwing up. =/
ok I take you off of my hate list and send you hugs  I am in business..this is my alter ego. mwahahah
Happy Birthday Zarlom. You're my favorite cunt.
will do :) ha I don't mean to sound gay but I have no layers in my hair after tour so well see how it goes ha
I am officially creeped the fuck out.
 who was ur first kiss
yes  you remember me trying to keep *MY* lashes on for the awards this year- never fucking wearing those damn things AGAIN
Read your post  "Sincerity Sucks."  Thank you! I feel less guilty for holding certain "sincere" people accountable for actions
...fuck jared leto. i forgot it was his bday. 25th HIS BIRTH 26th MY BIRTH ECHELON THROUGH THE BACK DOOOOR.
briefs are oh so sexy. Boxers are too loser and unattractive and tightywhities are like panties!!lol just my 2 cents
 hahahah  I love your Bio (; OH OH OH question.. WHY CAN&;T PEOPLE SPELL?! VV (:
 How often do you lose your voice?
  yes =D
That sounds about right. I hate it when the homoerotic kissing is cluttered up with TOO MUCH exposition  after all.
Kick ass!
Yep the syncing is my biggest worry. And no control over the markup sucks. And not good for code snippets. Much to like though.
  Yes I believe so. I try to be kind to everyone and make the world a little bit better somehow :]
HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ   @Mod_Alex  your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
What the fuck you talking about ass cap? You already have my number and no I didn't call your ass!
 i can see the revolting illegal avatar now :) tempted to make my pussy misbehave in sympathy
 why are you soo fat :L
That really sucks I'm sorry. I'd get shitfaced with you but I'm stuck up here on the plateau.
Haa wow  I didn't see that yet thankfully. I just see too many rappers money talking with pics of them in their broke ass hosues
it's all about a heightened sense of self worth...if we did nothing but simple bullshit tasks all day  what would we bitch about
Make sure it matches. I hate furnaces that clash with the house. sainless steal or gold go with anything.
  Umm.. i think 2 bhut english is my first! im learnin french! ;d hbu?!
Go girl! Use that power! ;) (That's pretty fucking cool.)
 yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore - struck by Amor
Kill the Lights is actually pretty damn cool
Wow u in love wit her? U gay 4 her?
here's how to teach you phone to say fuck properly. Don't tell your parents. http://snipurl.com/9iryv
oh no!! that sucks!
go fuck yourself.
Same -- sucks. Back in the day  mobo manufacturers would issue firmware updates to address this. Apple? Nope :(
Then why u cryn? Hate'n on me.
ah!!! despereaux  lol. Maybe not sure. I hate in 3d they always copy an idea a re do it  this one is like ratatouille
 hi my name is nico and im a total studd ;D u2665
I played in those days too.. I like these days better. Running everywhere sucks balls.
lol - we could do that now if only I could be bothered getting off my fat ass and coming to Perth.
Dude  oh no U didnt! I got 4 DM's within 4 minutes of me saying "ass"... imagine what would happen if I said "fuck"... oh crap!
  nahhh not really
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
  Hhahahahaah ohh noo problem mamas! ahah me2 im soo exhaustedd *yawn* *ywan* LMAO!
 Does anyone call you babe?
  helping someone without them knowing who did it.
it sucks lol but merry christmas anyways &lt;3
 I can&;t find you on facebook I was lookin&; for you &amp; a Tosha Good came out O___O
when you say you know them do you mean like personally cause that would fucking rock lol
'you can do it!' kick ass fdo!
Thats cause they are School Girls! GAY!
  yes. not sure really. Maybe the earth and all the planets are just tiny specs of dirt in a giants pocket somewhere..
  lol how
Sorry to be the science nerd  but salt is a generic term that refers to many chemicals. So road salt != ocean salt.
that sucks!  U must spread the word!!
aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
Aww. Thanks dear. And I hate my gradeschool friends for ditching me. They forgot about me when we are suppose to be at her wake.=(
Really? That's your take away from that crazy ass quote? Really?
Lawlz. yr a bitch. hoe.
fuck xmas!  give and receive presents whenever feeling presentyyyy &lt;3"
I think that's another one that I haven't seen that makes me eligible for gay card revocation
Anyways  I give a damn! If they are acting like snobs  I can't help it.
damn now i want some au gratin!
cause i hate the daytime...it's only good to be indoors then  look i'm going outside now...in the nice and cold :-)
  If God created them then hellz yes!
  Yeshhh
  omg really i never noticed lol =]
  no i didn't actually
  some of them haha
  large
HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
well i know have a reason to stay  people arent ditching me due to suspicious circumstances  SO GET YOUR ASS ON AIM NOW
  Thanks. It was in Panama with 7 other chicks. Funn times.
damn it i totally forgot that one!
  when it matters
You're such the nerd. &lt;3 Also  time to shower. WHEE!
Hard to play because it is damn fucking awful
I HATE YOU!
I'm 1/2 with that  as a Realtor  my other 7/8ths would like 2 C stimulus 4 the housing market.  Damn'd if you do  Damn'd...
I mean  if a relationship ends because you shared your feelings  then maybe it damn well should end.
coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
Nice. They've cancelled ours. I ask you: how is a man supposed to get drunk and photocopy his ass at work now?
  a thong
you're a dick for the Heroes spoiler.
well  you can only watch one at a time but we have 3 since I hate watching  sd TV  now
...Aww....That sucks...I was looking forward to all 80....oh well....60 will have to do...
Summa Cum Laude.  I am so impressed.  I'm sure I don't know what those words mean other than "smart. "  Congrats!
  i have never dyed my hair
 haha so many people are hating on your formspring.
  kkk
Sigh. Fuck 4chan.
  yes......cut my self with a knife (accidentally)...cut myself on the rabbits cage and fell off a chair haha and then i have a random one on my arm and i have either a scar or a dint in my forehead :/
  Yes I would(:
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? (I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P)
 Why did you make a FS account?
HAHAHHAHAAHHAHAHA LULZ   @Mod_Alex  your STILL a cunt!!!!! hahahahahahahah lulz lulz lulz lulz lulz
lolll you probably would hate it too 'cause it's all creamy like with a creamy sauce! i usually love these kinda soups too. GRR!
damn couldn't tweet coz of school
Sounds like it's Fourth Meal time! (Actually  I hate that zone too. Usually just sleep it off.)
Damn  that is scary
still got that ass whooped haha.
 Do you have any health problems?
 Have you ever been to a gay bar?
Perhaps I will send you a link to one of my "fat" pictures so you can see what I used to look like. HORROR
 How many silly bands do you own? :]
go fuck yourself.
 If drugs had no bad effect on your health...would you do them?
Oh I know. It doesn't hurt to have one of the richest woman in the world actually hate you. Elvis had the Memphis Mafia. Oprah...
nasty ass bishes
  :/ hmm i no lol
  who are u?
No can do  Maria. I'm going out alone. Don't stress about your shitty wombat friend. He sounds like a loser. Get some sleep.
I threatened to shave my head the other day ;-) I hate my hair right now
 What time do you usually go to bed?
  hahahahahahahahahaha........................ :)
that's cuz my greedy ass is sippin a dunkins hot chocolate lol
that sucks. People are stupid.
yeah.. look at all the carbs in it. slim fast  a banana  and peanut butter is a sure way to gain mass(not extra fat from cals)
kick ass!
i hate that i know some french...and the french you used  was the french i know
it goes... Everyone at my office is sick this morning ... I have a feeling it's just gonna be me.. Damn my immune system!
  i have no idea. nothing else to do in life..
 lol oo no!..guurrrl u must be crazy!!..b/c i love u muchoo!.
  MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
damn. thats crazy early. i wont hit the city til 9:30 but i will be a few blocks from the spot.
 Hi hi tabi how are you? I want to know who your best friend is?
 NSYNC or Backstreet Boys?
Boo  to be fair they shouldn't give away your room. Kick their ass!
 Would you rather be a famous musician or a famous actor?
  okay  welll the question that was asked was if i was fake  as in useing someone else pictures off the internet. and really i take that as a compliment because all the people who are ''fake'' i think look reall pretty soo stfu.
I hear you can cook your ASS off!!! =)
well damn I hear ya.yea kill that now if u feel like it may be a even bigger probelm down the line.
  I believe so :)
I hate them. So much.
Agreed.  Is Dick Clark setting an example of what to do or not to do?  Very sad to see him now God bless him...#nyetwarty
Stop getting so damn skinny and maybe your pants will fit! =P
I hate when it snows cuz people out here can drive!!!
 LOL what&;s this with people asking you about smelling your FEET? And apparently  in an even stranger twist  someone already has smelled your feet?
 God that was a fun night  I want to relive it...we danced in wall mart to betoven bahahaha
IT'S SNOWING IN FL!  A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE!  AND LOOK  A PIG JUST FLEW BY THE FROSTY WINDOW!  :)
 uhh i thought this was for questions sooooo heres a question i guess.haha icecream or brownies for the rest of your life? (only 1)
  The Miracle Worker
funny how folks get mad @ southern kids makin up dance songs..then a grown ass man does it and its all good cos he prod ether
  I am Ashlee duh
what'd you like/hate about the process?
Throwing? throwing? Its bowling  Bowling!!!! Throwing indeed! (you do realise I am getting you to talk cricket  which you hate)hehe
fuck you shane lol
  sure i guess.....................great question lol :D
you COULD be jobless! Praise God for it! despite how much ya hate HOW it comes at least it's coming IN rather than OUT. LOL
i hear ya. iPods can get annoying with that damn clicking noise!
  The upkeep of downtown. its beautiful in what you can find in an innercity but the horrible the way it gets soooo run down by the next year or so. its sad really.
  HUH?
This holiday is to celebrate a man nailed to a board. I want you to be MERRY about it. Why are you crying? DON"T FUCKING CRY!
He can be a nice guy  but he is such a dick when it comes to fabsubbing that it is ridiculous.
LMAO! He's horrible. The Beatles changed the fucking WORLD! And are still an icon to this day. Who the fuck are you?!?!?
lol. The match was fucking epic.
 are u guus foing out yet!???
I AM USING THE NUMBER YOU PROVIDED  HOOR. Perhaps you shouldn't have given me some old fat dude's number. :D
  hahahahahahahahahahaha people these days
fuck sleep you gotta stay up late so u can see santa!
Judge Chevere at the Daley Center..she's hispanic and a bad ass! Too bad i'd never want to go to law school..
newegg.com.... once u know  u new egg.... can get a 500 gig for fucking 30 bucks on there
OMG your so MEAN .. really really mean +_+  i hate you .. hifftt
hmmm....or do they hate you because you didn't let them join in the parranda? Nah  probably the corp council thing
bitch please your gorgeous
  i would say. cool im adopted?!! haha and then say welp that was a shocker. and go on with life. cause its not by blood who is your parents. its who took care of you all your life and cares for you and loves you! :)
That sucks. Poor baby Andy. Hope he gets better.
 How many times a month do you go to the movies?
fuck you op
XD oh  it'll happen. It WILL happen. It just will take some time... To get his ass tied down anyways.
makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
You kidding  I bloody hate anime  and I liked Bleach.
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
&lt;3 ::huggles:: nyaaaa~ its snowing T_T i hate it.
  Ummm SUMMER bein almost here! Who isnt? haha
 who tha fuck is &quot;Krista&quot; r this is not &quot;Krista&quot;
UR a Chicken Cyber Punk! When a French Man came to kick your Ass  U put your Hands in your pockets and Cry like a Pussy! LMAO
  Uhm. Actor(: They get paied more haha
There's a dfference? Damn.
 You goin to lakes park saturday ??
  i dont want to  sorry dont take it personal.r but i will answer stuff on formspring.
 The Angel Of Death has descended upon you. Fortunately  the Angel Of Death is pretty cool and in a good mood  and it offers you a half-hour to do whatever you want before you bite it. Whatcha gonna do in that half-hour?
@farwyde Cock your gun.
well we just have different views cuz if this keeps happening the underground talent will be no more so i say fuck it lets sto
 Baha You guys fights online a hilarious!
Holy  fuck. That was amazing! I'm retweeting that sucker now!
I hate trying to hear over loud music lol
heh! ping me if you do come down to gay paris. We can interview eachother on the red carpet :)
RE: Hugh's daughter.  I just hate to see when a female CEO step down and says it's so "company can evolve" AAARRRG!
hate it all you want but its a hit record. And Jumpin Out the Window is by Ron Browz. I know its gotta be hot in NY.
mix you will be fucking awesome
ur invading my space! @prezzure kick his ass out starbucks
 Do you own a pair of dice?
of course @bapper is cold..he eats picked radishes all winter..if he had some whale meat he'd be fine..
  happiness. always.
ah  yeah but i was referring to the knives in your hand and the "holes' in the knife block YOU PERV!  Damn Lawyers !
 do you want to see your real mom?
 Who is the bestestt ? lol
 Let&;s get married?
 how many languages do u speak?
you are fucking killing me. Please come to a party at my house next time yer in LA. Rice pilaf will be ready
Well  if he's a pussy  he surely isn't that man of "substance" your looking for lol...Don't settle when you know you want more.
  lmfao i thought something else
Grammar nerd.
 are bi??
Aww  that sucks. I can't say I'm exactly full of any holiday cheer  doesn't even seem like Christmas to me. But I am quite cheerful!
Believe it or not  both of my parents know how to text  and my dad is over 60. They sooo kick ass.
ya  so am i and i stay fat. Evil! You're so lucky. Its unfair!
you're a fat bitch? I think you just called yourself one. Lmao... Well if you wanna out yourself in that category... Ha ha
  a week ago
 what is your opinion on those people who doesn&;t mind what others feel?
I had no clue...Damn  Homie!!!
I prefer women to be fat in other places  anyway.  Fat toes and earlobes are so cute.
  What happened?
SWEEET you've just become cooler in my book or as someone said earlier today.. kick ass... so 80's :)
ouch that sucks.. Sorry I wouldn't even know of one in Cleveland.  I will stick with guitars.
 U hopped on one of dese twu
@BIG_RIG Said u look like a Fag! idk? He's gay! It's like a 3 way double door action thing I don't want to get involved with lOl!
If you're hard at work or just leisurely reading  you're not a poser.
you can take the girl out of the hood but you can't take the hood out of the girl. Detroit didn't make me a pussy that's forsure
 What does your last text say?r
Fucking tell me about it... So much for protecting the investors eh?
ur probably at henry's.. it's gay nite lol..
it may not b ur students... they might just think ur music sucks!!! j/p
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
rogue. I hate you and your ability to spell correctly. though some of them were red  but they were communist. not rouge.
  i used to go a lot. but now i dont go so much. waiting for a really good new movie to come out!
 WTF are you talking about Men? No men thats not a menage  that's just gay.
Gay!
aaaawwwww not the Rock em Sock em!! damn i think just drooled...
sucks for you
 When does school start for you? Mine starts Aug. 19th &quot;/
fuck them!
Damn! No  sorry! I was afraid you'd think that. Sorrrry!
If you stay home to twitter and have a martini on NYE does that make you a loser?  don't answer that...  I don't want to know
what a loser. :P
Holy  fuck. That was amazing! I'm retweeting that sucker now!
damn it.
 What colour is your bedroom?
thanks. he's doing better  stable for the moment. Hoping the industrial strength antibiotics will do the trick. Still sucks.
  Yes. Hmmm the little asian dude that has all the gadgets and thinks he can fix everything with his smarts and thoughts :) haha
I missed this yesterday---love "cheeses my beef." But yes  they got it wrong with the ribbon. Hate the ribbon.
damn right. this is going to be so badass. you should cross-train in muay thai.
If I do  How do I travel? Dogsled? brrrrrr too damn cold for me!!!!
  the vibe they give off
I'll be a crab ass with you. BAH HUMBUG!
 who did you last go out with? cameren loomen?
damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
 What does sex smell like? My bro said like pussy lol
oh my god thank you. I HATE IT HERE IN CALI! Though  you should wait till it gets hot. Then it sucks MORE. lol
you said "sucks" and I said why does it suck? LOL
 What would be the worst disease to have?
seriously. We're fucking SOFT in this country. The French wouldn't put up with this shit.
he is a HUGE POSER! I want Toyboy back!
 Basicc Information -  Name ? Age ? Location ? Grade ?
rock  not the. He gives the emo populists limp wrist rocker throw.
get your ass here !!!
 Have u evr listened 2 a song repeatedly just b/c it reminded u of ur crush?
I hate when that happens. Let me guess  Sales  and Marketing need new web reports?... :/
SHUT THE FUCK UP!
I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
Lazy ass :)
lmao ikr. I knew you would hate it. I couldn't watch it without laughing hysterically
"'Cause I hate that you breathe  I see you duck  you little punk  you little fucking disease." -- all of my favorite words...
haha don't hate on my mad skills.
such a hater. Damn  if you want some just ask instead of bashing it.
 get a life you twisted bitch!
 Can you daydream at night?
oh well guess i'll rent oit for like 8 dollars...i hate blockbuster. can't wait for prince of persia when i get paid
  probably
why do i hate DMs? so many reasons... one is: you can't send them to someone if they're aren't following you. what a pain that is! :)
 wtf is up wit ur cheeks?? chipmunk much??
Nope.  Don't know.  My voice sucks either way.
i update from my phone a lot  you can add twitter as a contact. damn bsa is getting all high tech.
  ya nd lmao o wow ohkay..So watz ya myspace
well mt #spokane is open 7days a week now so its the perfect time.  btw i dont hate on skiers.. just talk a little shit :D
hate text talking"
 Tabi. If you stopped hating on Texas everyone from Texas will stop getting pissed....so just stop.? It&;s that easy
I hate you
okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
We've maybe had 1" total here across 3-4 different "snows" My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
hahahahahahjdshgskdg I hate you. So much.
lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
 do you think girls look better with makeup on or none?
 it's sucks did you get the message about it.
damn kenny u need emotional condoms and shit son.
  Justin Bieber.Duh. &amp;&amp; Russia! ;]
ah damn  ok
oh come on. I mean  we all love to hate MyZou  but it's one thing to hate MyZou and another to take a time machine to the 70s.
No wonder Outlook sucks...
 what do u guys prefer? Jonas brothers or justin bieber
i've yet to be impressed with anything from his mouth. He was pissed I wouldn't drive from coweta to pick his drunk ass up
i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
 So who is it that you like?
 Have you ever been bitten by a dog?
 if you had the opportunity to be in a movie with any actor/actress who would it be?
who the fuck is that asshole?
god damn dan just pirate some sample packs haha. But the effort was cute.
  yea but the tears  and water come together :P
 If you saw a serious crime take place and if you told you could possibly be killed  would you tell?
 The beach is fucking shit  you&;re my daddy  and soccer is for faggots.
must do you head in having an application that relies on Twitter working.  Still fail whale is less conspicious these days.
Keep your damn hands off my @jgarber. We claimed him first!
  Haha I don't really hear much about him anymore. But I respect him as an artist. A person  he may have been a little off his rocker but as an artist. Mass respect :]
I hate dogs  but I do feel bad for ur dog though that sucks
honestly  I can't say I'm not guilty of telling that same lie a time or two. Karma is a bitch. Hope your check arrives soon
 What is the most important quality in a person or friend?
Jesus fucking h Christ!!!!
I need to get my grandma to teach me how to cook that they be so good. and them damn collard greens fresh out the garden
  Thankss(:
 What did you do for your last birthday?
  Shaun Diviney's house and everyday haha. we would be besties<3 and Andy and Bradie of course =]
Holy shit just looking at that list pisses me off. Why the fuck are the Jonas Brothers on there?
Did you just call me a bitch?  You're still upset because @CatalinaLoves is moving in on your bitch.
Oh no! Everyone ok? Damn you rain! Ruining my BFFOT's day!!!
  I wear undies dude. hahaha
Scars on my face? Are you threatening me? I don't like liars  threats nor unexplained coincidences. Kindly fuck off!
love the song  hate the remix! D=&lt;
 i know  i know  i know! :)
 she ot me right by her side bitch! an at least i can show my dam info pussyyy ass V
 What do you need to change about yourself?
fuck that!....time to go see Cassie......we're slackin man!!!!
You are with your parents????? You poor baby! I love and hate vacationing with mine.
 your so stupid  you say your not pretty to people so they can be like oh your so pretty blah-blah-blah!! so can you stop?? i mean i totally agree with you  your ugly as shit  no worse than ugly as shit  so go die.
yea  b&b is awful!  olivia must have needed work  so they wrote her back in as a favor.  eva sucks!
u know what................. ima put jourdan on your ass.
HOLY FUCK! that was one tough fucking cow!
you got that right! People stealing others' generators  & other stuff inside the homes when they know no one's home..sucks big time
fuck you dom
damn that sucks! we've had our primary data center loose power for 2 seconds. Thats long enough to take down our VM Cluster
You fucking rock =)
  yes. and no sorry
you can do video after jailbreak. But still it's not a patch on the n95 camera. I really hate the iPhone cam.No settings at all!
FUCK! Good one!! Staying with TC  Maverick & Goose singing "Lost that loving feeling" Oh my  that HAS to be top 3...
 what do you usually do to relieve yourself from hiccups?
you fart like a fucking bass drum lol
Fuck a serato record  I was worried about my windows crackin..lol..I can live w/o a serato record  I don't have a backup window.
u r NOT a loser I think ur swell sir!
 What if you&apos;re in hell  and you&apos;re mad at someone  where do you tell them to go?
  mhm..
  Definantly. I just haven't found anyone like me.
I totally forgot Affliction!!!' fuck outta here!! I got ur tribal tattoo right here!!!!!!!!
 & @karkar  I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
  something to make me money.....like lots of money.
Rockets... damn. makes me wanna turn ne-yo's gay ass off my tv and just sit here.
np you are happy with the service? do you have anything to compare to? I hate 3 not working out of cities. and whirlpool likes exe
wat a fag....
  Of course! I sure would :)
 Do you think you could survive being a prisoner or war(POW)?
AHHH I HATE THAT..
  no
mussels? or muscles. Damn web-people.
 would you date a girl with a pierced tongue or lip?
I really hate bailing these guys out! They treat everyone like crap!
ha i hate rain  QTpie
  Don't be anonymous. Share your name :]
AH! i was too! I hated that bitch. I want Bob or Sugar to win:)
...and theyre fucking wrong. The best horror films dont make you scream or flinch even once. In a good horror  you watch it and..
lol britt just said it look like a big ass pillow fight outside
  Shore am :] Timothy Carson.
 If you bumped your car into another car  but nobody saw you do it  would you leave your name and address?
totally :D i'm such a nerd :)
 one person who have touched your heart the most
  yes my camera i have now
  nope. :)
YOU ARE FUCKING BR00T4L
OMFG I HATE YOU IWANNA GO ON NEOPETS :'( WTFFFF. YOU HAVE EVERYTHING I WANT.
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
you won't die in Queens we're civilized here in Queens  hell there's a Starbucks & McDonald's on damn near every corner  have fun
The great state of Minnesota...I am VERY jealous. Although I am not one to "complain" haha  I HATE COLD!!!!
 do you have classes? what&;s your favorite subject?
Shit. I have been pretending to be the wrong damn thing. Effin' Vonnegut always ruining my day... :)
  wow really? cuz people like making cool songs about bridges
TWITTER SLUT!
Oh damn. Saw the trailer for Dark City&#8230; Looks gooood&#8230;
Yo it's a wack ass night here at boston college...people got finals and shit...im gonna have to make that special call..haha
u lucky whore!!!!!
 Have you ever cried from being so mad?
No fucking way. I usually take 125mg before it even does anything.
Aw  f**k. That sucks.
I want to see a picture of you right before you decided to shave your head. That would kick ass  especially if you are crying.
 Why do most people feel the need to be better than someone else?
 Damn him!!  Oh well...worth a try.
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
lol ur whale penis
 What do you think Victoriau2019s secret is? ;p
Glad you are feeling better man...NOW GET BACK TO WORK DAMN IT!!!!!! :-)
 how much should a bag of kettle korn be?
JAYLA U TOK DAT DA WRN WAY MEANIN U WEAR PANTIES ASS ITS NOTHN SEXULA SO DNT BE THANKN DAT
about damn time... oh  I mean  that sounds great sir.
"WATCH OUT. TOBY MAD." Is this real? (please say yes  I need to live in a world where Big ASS Truck Rental and Storage can exist)
U gave me ur insomnia Im drinkin mountain dew and blastin 50cent  I've lost my damn mind.
i think that means ur gay. or a child predator.
yo this new song is hot all verses lyrical as fuck.  fred killed it
i was excited about seeing that until i remembered itv have the fa cup rights. god i hate itv
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
My shit is done already  I got a trilogy called "I hate rap" "Naw  just joking..." & "Rap is dead  but buy my shit" 
So what was the opposite of a reindeer sweater? and why do you hate skype even more now?
HAHAHA! Best quote in a long time. "I'm gonna write gay porn and everythings awesome" WIN
ikr? It's so fucking gross. GET ONLINE AND SAVE YOURSELF FROM THE 'TARDFULNESS.
wat a fag....
  Thank you :] who ever you are.
 Which is better yogurt or pudding? What&;s your favorite flavor?
bitch gash thrash
OMFG I HATE YOU IWANNA GO ON NEOPETS :'( WTFFFF. YOU HAVE EVERYTHING I WANT.
Let me tell you I have lived here all my life and every year I hate it.
att is run by the devil  i hate them
Is "heavy hitler" sort of like "fat elvis"?
 ahaha my mom is dead :) but thanks ugly ass bitch that NO BODY knows and has no life and has to talk shit on formspring to pretty girls that she is jelouse of :) alright bitch.
14
u stll up drinking bitch?
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
the answer would be whatever night I make her drink with me and @themadhat doesn't feel sorry for and rescue her ass ;-)
rogue. I hate you and your ability to spell correctly. though some of them were red  but they were communist. not rouge.
  I dont think we will ever know ALL of what is truly hidden underneath the glaciers and ice caps of the sea but i think there may be creatures beyond our belief. Like an iccey polar dragon :) haha jk
I'm hesitant on breaking the seal. I made him check my balance three times & when my contract ends. Feeling guilty. Meh. Sucks.
Correction: *Wannabe* fashionista. :)
 Type of music you like most?
good im a be back that way soon... u need to bring ur ass to atl
  Wayyyy tooooo easilyyyyyyy!
Fuck yeah
The pig of shame? Lol! Is that like the aardvark of discontent?
gay man
  yeah... even though i really couldnt.
damn u for getting me on twitter lol
Also that one's not really a vampire film it's more of an emo film. Vampires are only there for added sexual angst.
Well fuck yeah!!!! how about allston? @xdeartragedyo imma try the one in jersey @evry1 I got my 2day bamboozle tics today
  dui.
haha. a little off. but i picked up my 28 year old's sister copy that we got her for christmas and tried to hate it.
@SuzeMuse I hate when twitter makes me use dictionary.com - i feel so dumb! "monocled" - (I have 2 unglassed eyes - phew!)
No fucking kidding eh?
 Have you ever been beaten up?
Most soy yogurt tastes like ass. But Whole Soy & Co is *delicious* - even my cats love it: http://veganom.com/
  oooollllldddd
damn i miss that show already...we got like a 6 month wait...
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. http://tinyurl.com/6xmnyr
gee  i'd hate to see what you say about the family ;)
i do every. Fucking. Day.
johnny pastramis...the best hands down!... damn i wanna fall out rite now
 Do you judge people on what they look like?
  awhhh :) good
Oh  crap... I just saw (and talked) with some of them yesterday....  that sucks...
don't worry. i love my niece and hate my sister in law. I think its like a rule or something.
  Do I know you?
 Being an atheist means we dont need to believe. We choose to believe either because their is no proof or because god has done nothing for us. We may not believe in god but we do believe there is good reason to not believe he exists.
It's got a core of uranium  some damn thing  I don't know. Gets up there like Sputnik.
 entertaiin mhee
fat bastard
trade secret ... it's an animated gif. Woke up REALLY early  couldn't sleep. My mind said  let's freak out @CalamityJen more.
 how many pillows do you use?
nah but i read the spook who sat by the door and im pretty sure someone used clips from that. maybe com on "the bitch in yoo"
  Smile. Ethnicity. Eyes. in that order the most. and my least favorite feature would be my height  but only because forever I wanted to be a model and in America you have to be likeee 7' anorexic giraffe. hahhaa
Maybe you should get your dick out of your ear next time I'm explaining them to you!!
are you sure they weren't looking for my blog w/ "wine bottle in ass"??
 How do you know when you&;re really ready for sex? r
what the? how the? damn it
  Sometimes :]
Heh! Parcells is a bad-ass who knows how to help you to find your inner bad-ass. Hey  that sounds like a book.
there only a few shows i really look forward to seeing.  i hate when they put a reality show on instead with no warning.
  We have exits ramps that are for getting on and off at the same time  when most states have them separate. Most people don't realize that :) haha
 How many times were you on the phone to someone today?
Uh  I don't really have a people preference. LA comes in last (hate the sprawl  lack of transportation  etc  it's not a "city").
  Give it back to them. I don't really hate anyone..
  Awh yourr so sweet(: Who are youu?
a pussy snow
careful with that excess student loan money -- down the road  it bites you in the ass. Love  an ass-bitten college grad.
  ohh um this ones really hard lol well i like them all and i spose it was andy but its now bradie i guess haha i would choose them all if i had the choice lol =](i do like shaun to)
Totally agree on AC/DC. They are damn near the perfect rock n roll band.
 Do you prefer Scary movies or comedy movies?
damn it  i miss having pets now!
Israelis to Spanish FM ... Kiss my ass.
  white. i hate it. we have no choice. were in an apartment
  GOD
 Are you easily persuaded in an argument?
Should We ask Pussy Galore? ;)
  Urgh no1 yet! Keep hopin though!
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
 how many of you like twilight series?
I'm all about peace n positivity  but sometimes you gotta give a little kid an ass whoopin' !
no fucking clue
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
why do you eat so much you fat bastard
LOL!  I'd hate to see you on the news. Don't cut anyone.  RELAX!
The ass was feeling better. On the bus now about to die from all the bouncing. Ouch.
  hahah your welcome.
Grew up a Habs fan  which meant I had to hate the Leafs when I moved to Toronto  which meant embracing the Wings.
wow that sucks! well i wish you luck with all that :) i am going to crash so have a good night ok and stay warm.its freezing here
how fucking sad is the OVA of Samurai X...i didn't want to watch that.. fuck i almost cried.. lol :P jk
..... I pretty much hate T-mobile....
lol just rhyming  gay i know
It's 09 and Life's still a bitch..... Haha
 When was the last time you gave flowers?
Got to make sure gay people don't reproduce and overpopulate the earth you know.
  i love you to  and i no your not stalking me  i was kidding. but its only one person. and yeahhh
can u please make sure you fed the damn thing too... hehehe
  Love. its the kryptonite to anything you think you can accomplish without it. its the human kinds weakness to other beings. always.
 ahaha <3r yes ive noticed <3
 Do you eat all the servings in the food groups on a daily basis?
 Do you have your own vehicle?
aww that sucks man. you've learned a lesson for your kids... leave'em in the cold or spare key under the poinsetta pot
  Dependss .
Personally  I was just thinking Fuck Chase Bank. There are no good ones. They're all snakes.
lol...I might...sun isn't up yet.  Busy  multiple projects and people ready to kick ass or "die tryin" :)) wErd
i BET YOU WERE SILLY ASS! lol
  Play boiiiii lol jk I dunno? hah
I have that dream.  I have the gay husband already  but apparently he's missing a gene.
I just read ass pet a cat.  Adam...that's just wrong.  :P
YOU WANNA THROW DOWN  BITCH? I can not update my blog better than you can not update your blog any day.
 i love you
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
 I couldn't agree more.  And if I didn't feel like such a loser I would say I win for understanding!
 you should know who this is. just text me.
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
ur gay? me. u. mall. shopping!
 For all the people who read my blog  I&;ve changed it/Para tod@s l@s que leu00e9is el blog  lo he cambiado (de aspecto  nombre y link  las historias son las mismas xD): http://perdidaentretuszapatos.blogspot.com/ (What do you think/u00bfQuu00e9 os parece?)
  Spontaneousness. As much as I love to get all dressed up and go out to a big super nice expensive restuarant  I'd much rather just be in comfy clothes  go out to grab some chipotle--eating outside of course :] then maybe to the drive in with a buncha snackies and a jug of tea :] lay together with my lovee under the stars and enjoy each other.
I used to get pig's ears for our dog's Xmas stockings  but they were too irresistible!  For the dogs  not me  of course.
 Have you ever been drunk?
  LOl. Funny shit huh(:
 W3N YUH L0$T Y@ VIRGINITY!
yeah apparently anytime you use the word "hate" on a tweet  your ass gets retweeted and subsequently followed.  Reminds me of &#9773;.
$10 for water is better than the throat fucking i got for free the last time i was there.
jealousy makes me hate you now hahaha
 Do you feel under appreciated?
i hate when i buy warranties then lose the warranty. The list goes on  I will reply with more when I think of more.
Everything looks fine from where I'm standing  I've got money coming out of my ass! And the printer. Same shit.
I believe homophobes are terrified that they're secretly gay  so they want the idea out of sight and out of mind.
I send you a hug ma. That sucks! 08 was full of some fuck shit  I'll say that.
  hahahaha thankyou.
you are gorgeous as fuck.
you're so gay. I hate lonestar.
Bitch!  You weren't following me!
You shoulda been a cop  fuck hip hop! Lmaoooo I wanna do the Diddy dance in our video!
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
 Would you ever save a prostitutes life?
@sandraknits cece is a bitch. she never wanted them to be together!
I got fuck all for Christmas babe. How about you?
I don't hate you. My last partner was 130 lbs and I got him up to 165 lbs of solid muscle. I hated him 4 looking better than me
Yeah...I know...its really gay.  I ended up staying up till 2:00 AM
I still say my "Pulp Fiction" Fucking Short Version reaction is better.
We miss you back. My Haiku: Famous Dickenson  Exactly Why - I'm not sure. Her poetry sucks.
 Tabi is real!!! i knew her when she lived in Idaho!-Kinly
Yes... think about how many 32 oz cups of poison were sold this morning  2go with hearty breakfasts of fat & carbs.
bitch... lol jk
if he's upset with Brandyn's work area I'd hate to see wha he thinks of mine :P
Wow  that sucks.Merry Christmas to you and your honey (wow  we are both celebrating 'firsts' on that one) -The Bs
*looks at who is following me on twitter then remembers i dont care* OMG such a fag.
 What color is your toothbrush?
that really sucks :-( I could have recommended you an amazing chiropractor!
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
oh please do. steph is already getting tired of me saying "deck the halls with something about my dick"
 If you could go on vacation for the next month with an unlimited budget  where would you go?
We have some haters in Detroit and Onterio.....God don't like Ugly...must be the no-competition (In Canada  I think) I hate spam
dat bitch left u lol
Oooh..thats a damn good picture too.
I do think it's a rug.  If not  someone tell him on top of everything else he has done  his hair sucks too...lol
Damn bro  double cheeseburger with mayo? You're speaking my language.
 who&;s your best guy and girl friend
and cant expect too much he was recording til 2wks ago!! too damn shame when ppl just rush to make an album these days!
 Do you hate the last guy/girl you were talking to?
Nice to meet you  too! The moon was friggin awesome. Biiig!!! I tried taking pictures  but my camera sucks.
  well i know who this is..
 what&;s your favourite colour?
 dude it seems like everyone hates you. you should just delete all your socialing sites. (:
  why yess i do.
  no lol. ive collected stickers but not the ones on the fruit lol
 what&;s yer bra sizee haha?
aww  I knoow  I hate that! :-P
That sucks... At least you got a little extra sleep  eh? ;)
it was in reference to his gay suit
I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
 im a girl:)
ok bitch update this status asap!!! Ya digg!! See u on facebook love! :)
 How many different kinds of solitaire do you know how to play?
no way. they REALLY hate you  don't they?!
 favorite dish
Made the pig bigger and sent it back to you again! ;-)
  its okay i honestly still dont understand why you got so angry  but sometimes you get mad worse then girls do. just saying  not trying to sound mean. but you do.
 dhatt wass me ! lol
 Tabi. You know I like u  but I&;m starting to get that u don&;t like me. I like you alot. Justin boy is just some crush  while I&;m open right here ready to love u. Pryce
hmmm....or do they hate you because you didn't let them join in the parranda? Nah  probably the corp council thing
  kkkkkkkkk
i hate it when that happens :(
  Hahaha i think i would! I always do thee same shizz all thee tyme so yes i would hbu ?! ;D
the b/f sounds like a winner to me!! Lol just messin but damn thats a crappy situation to be in :(
a bitch cant stand drunks tonight!! but if they tip good I might be coo! LMFAOOO!
hahaha  that sucks...having to stop at the home town  not making backups.
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
I'm so sorry  I used to hate transcribing lame interviews...
that sucks... hope your okay :/
except for joe jonas the ass munch who broke up w/our tyler via phone..kinda like doing via text - what kind of a-hole does that?
It's just so damn cute. even the ghosties that KILL YOU OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER.... *ahem* are cute.
basically we agreed that you/http://lofistl.com are awesome/bad ass. Not gonna lie  i brought you up! ;)
Seriously! He know's I have a final tomorrow that I'm studying for  but he's done with finals  which sucks!
  i think serious enough
  every one in da book
fucking beautiful shoes.
 why not? and all you have to say is &quot;nope&quot;. oh and leave people alone(: delete this you fucking fake :)
wtf? That is so gay.
Go back to your pork fat radio!
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
fuck right
damn.
  Glee who? ha
OH damn homes. I LUV email. I type EXACTLY how i talk! My fingers have an addiction 2 the keyboard. I'm wit it..Y b afraid of it?
 What&;s the most recent movie you&;ve seen in theaters?
 Have you ever been French kissed by a dog?:
 do you  play an instrument ?
  the wifey! lol idk
I HATE MY CPMOUTER it sed on stickie note that they changed stuff around and they did it happend to others :Sss
 would you rather date a really ugly girl with lots of experience or a really pretty girl with no experiance.
  Haha (: whatever that is
 Does eating carrots really help you to see in the dark?
  listen. duh? hahaha
/nerd *laugh*
  thanks... Who is yew???
haha cunt.
FUCK I won't be around spring in Charlottesville. I'll be in L.A....Summer Tour FTW
  none
i'm just getting over my sickness. It sucks. Feel better.
  i do have it hoe<3
was Twitter freak before  now have phone. Look out!
Will Tweetie ever startup/refresh with the last read tweet like Twitterific? I hate scrolling wayyyy down to see tweets i missed
Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
  thankyou :)
  Ummmm you outta know ;)
i feel pretty oh so pretty...i feel pretty and witty and gAY! Ha ha good times
  What's cute?
maybe you should go punch him in the dick.
supposedly its what they call gay dudes in the south. Bear meat is supposed to taste sweet.
 what&;s heaven for you?
 would you rather be king/or queen of the universe for one year or get what you want for one year?
LMAO!!!! damn i bout to bite that!!!
 Why do people feel weird when they forget their cellphone?
chica i am too beat to go any damn where  pero i want pancakes. bad. :(
 If I had my legs amputated  would I have to change my height and weight on my driver&apos;s license?
post on violent youth curriculum http://is.gd/ex9m has me remembering the top bass ass bible verses http://is.gd/5WM4
it's their attempt at an instant messaging product  and it sucks.
"midget w/a hookhand hangin off your collar" IM FUCKING DEAD. BURY ME. D-E-A-D DEAD.
ha! Alabama sucks!
sorry i missed you @ Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy - I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
  he shaves.
NO.  U can't sleep either?  Don't you hate it????
absolutely nothing  being the point :P and i have gay exams tomorow  i really should use this time to revise....but arts more fun
 Do you own shirts with funny sayings on them? If so  which is your favorite?
fuck that cunt holiday
u know it was over $1200 2 get that bar replaced. George is gonna take that outta thier ass LOL
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
expect a hate comment from @LH13. lol
i had eyeliner on once but it kept smearing cause i'd fuck with it too much
Sorry man  hope you stop ass bleeding soon. (wow that was awkward just thinking about it)
True! I hate people who're full of themself! That's one of the reason i love mcr  they're humble and down to earth...
  Idk... its a month that 4 sure lol
 haha nah you know me:) just guess...
  I knowwww :)
oh  i am fine. But she will not be if she doesn't shut her fat fucking mouth.
Just read about your Dad's heart issues & knee surgery. I had cardiac crisis last summer +prior freak knee. Will share help..
You bash Nickelback  but you listen to Staind? WTF?! I hate both  btw.
 tell me 5 facts about yourself
what do u wanna know? That I look like I just got caught stealing something??? I hate taking pictures.... This celeb ish is wack
That sucks dude!
  ammmmmbbaaaaaa
 did u ever like tayler philips?
GA has finally let out is inner ass and now everyone hates him :D
oic but what do you want sir? Did I get you a book on conspiracies and shit already? Yes I did hmmmm fuck thinks
 AAYE!!!  richard gre is NOT gay-re :P
I'M THE JUGGERNAUT  BITCH!
there you go denying stuff again. until Maury clears you on TV w/ an "i aint yo daddy test " your ass is suspect.
 we&;&;ll have to make room in the book mom gave you!!!!
 Is it better to get too much or too little sleep?
I read WP as WordPress but damn that is hilarious.
You have NO idea.  I hate Christmas. Can't wait till it's over.  Nothing but a lot of work for me.
  Hell yahh(; LOl I love you too babeyyygirl<3 no matterr what
HOLY SHIT. Fuck that band.
and the arabs pussy count reaches 250 million. There I said it  we're all a bunch of pussies. No offence to the pussies
 When was the last time you went to the circus?
I would not be proud of that. That just means you're a whore or a polygamist.
Damn!
  The most major flaw in our Justice system are the corrupt people behind the surface that keeps the system running for the wrong reasons. Using the government as a face for greed  selfishness  caring less for the good for humanity and getting ahead before another country. r Sadly  we can't make them more stable. There will always be corrupt in the system-therefore never allowing the good for human kind to prosper in the end. Never. Just my opinion though  what do I know.
 If you could transport yourself anywhere instantly  where would you go and why?
Not yet  the woman was wanting to escape  but I'm taking care of the situation  pppfff. I hate these kind of things :S
I freakin HATE THAT and anyone that knows me this is a top peeve of mine!!
 OH AND!   that guy in dark knight totally was wearing guy liner... he's gay!
Seen a news article on why the SLUT wasn't running? The surface rail/trolleys I've seen on the east coast wouldn't have blinked.
  Hmmm fruit!! :) any kind of fruit.
i used to have night shift @ IBM..... but alas without fucking.....
lol oh that sucks   but hv a safe flight
that sucks. gonna replace it or build a new system all together?
 Does being yelled at bother you? Do you yell back?
  heart
have you had New Belgium's (Fat Tire maker) Frambozen? It's way good.
my bro-in-law is an eco freak (i mean this in the nicest way. No  really) so i once got him a case of recycled toilet paper.
 yeahh. im over this convo  on to th nextt onee! ahahaha. hello.
 Have you ever found a really great place that you kept kind of secret so only you can enjoy it?
"RDBMS done right" sounds like "gentler kind of pain in the ass".
we are so silly and pathetic and so fucking cool! You tellin me you choking made me choke! And I am sitting next to some girl w ...
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
  ooo i guess you're too quick for me ;)
Dude  I've given up. After a girl who didn't want kids getting pissed at me when I got pissed at a pregnancy scare. Fuck 'em.
goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times http://tinyurl.com/6pey6r
wow that sucks! well i wish you luck with all that :) i am going to crash so have a good night ok and stay warm.its freezing here
  No school for me
hola! Orli ... we are www.LuckyStartups.com looking to interview some kick ass peeps in Israel... you up to it?
  Omg NO WAY!!! 10 is actually small!!! Don't change thee way you look 4 ANYONE!!! bhut yourslf. Kay?!
SHUT THE FUCK UP BEFORE I PUT A HAMSTER UP YOUR ASS!!
  kkk?
: Dude  you're gonna hate me! Here... more T-shirts for da T-shirt lovers : - http://snurl.com/8fhdw  : )
Dood! You just justified your MBA. I pity the sorry ass of that downtrodden employee whose manager you'll soon become.
im not that crippled  in gym we were laying on our stomachs and some fat kid landed on my upright foot and it hurts like a mofo
people hate on Cody for no fucking reason  it seems. I don't know why.
I dont care if he has a right to "hate" or whatever....smart hate is great. dumb hate is boring and annoying
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
LOL at the Razor Ramon shit. I surely was gonna Ultimate Warrior his ass. Shaking the ropes and the whole 9!
Dude  that sucks. I hope it's not really a big leak.
Well  you can send me two and get fat on the rest :)
Smack a bitch? :-D
  YEsH hahahahaha wouldn't you??
  ummm idk i do and i dont haha
bitch you wanna go? Ill kick your ass
You have waaaaaaaaaaay too much free time! ...but that's damn cool!
I noticed that and you are not a bitch. The other thing that she also doesn't have is class.
 haha ;)so.. have u ever been to france?
  running into a glass window in a mall :P
u got me lemming for some laneige whitening shit! ive been breakin out lately n i need somethin to whiten my damn acne scars bleh
  Tell me who it is cause I really don't know?
u in a good mood souljaboy why u in a good mood oh n i luv ur new song 'damn ' like it hit   me bac
Damn....your co-workers are classy...
 Do any of your friends have children?
heh and then u yell "HOLY SHIT IM FAT"
It even stopped between floors and alarm was going off. Some dude finally helped me. It was damn funny.
  the most would have to be probs.... super mario? on nintendo something or whatever haha #oldschoolftw.
  :) awhh
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
  Vanilla
With the departure of the Sonics  I've adopted them as my squad. I still fuck w/ CP3 and the Hornets  but I gotta go Pacific NW.
call me emo again and i'll cut myself
LOOOOL TA PHOTO =D !tu as aim&#233; silvester ou pas ? :S jamais bourr&#233; ensemble -_-' mais trop ch&#232;r l&#224;-bas LOL et le GAY MDR ! lieb dich
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
 Would you ever sell drugs if you were poor?
Could be some accounts getting removed after suspicious behavior.  Damn spammers...
I cant wait to go make snow angles and a fat snowman :P the little things in life
goddamn it kj...fuck you 10 times http://tinyurl.com/5nv2tl
No.  MS Paint is fucking awesome.  LOL
I am going to try and find a boyfriend by august and beat his ass into doing it!!!!!!
That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
DAMN I wish I wasn't in college!
 Grosss! Your face is nasty
that is very un-PC you chalky ass nigga lol
- Oh  yikes!  I hate that.  Will she willingly use the toilet for it?  My boys won't.
 I wanna fuck you.
  yesh
fuck duke!
I've gotta admit  he makes a really cute Waffle Bitch. @CaryRN  I think I can even hire him out.
 In scale from 1-5  how afraid of dark are you?
  Its so long to explain. lol I have weird dreams that totally blow me away when i wake up. thats all ill leave it at. haha my mind is very creative sometimes . it suprises even me lol
Good signin stuff Tim. We have research to publish next year on sign-up process & eyetracking. BTW users resoundingly hate Register
finally it took too damn long
 Would a fly without wings be called a walk?
yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
Damn straight!
I hate when that happens!
That sucks. Haha. :D
  i havent ate fries in a long time!
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
 wtf ? V
Fuck that! I feel awful for you  having to wait out there!
You're so gay  you don't even like boys.
It sucks though when you have nothing to do at 4AM and your roommate wants to sleep.
 Have you ever done one of those &quot;win free stuff&quot; things?
oh youuuu little bitch. Just keep your winter gloves away from your zipper and i'm sure you'll be fine.
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
 That is like the Buffalo calling the Rhino Fat!!!
"just when I thought you're running outta material  I come home n here's your Ass" LOL
Also  you are not Canadian  fuck.
Pretty much  but now there will be less AIM errors! Weeeee  you can see that I don't type like a retard!
 ask me something!!!
I feel your pain. Even more I hate activex blockers!
LMAO......... U starting SH*T already... Ha! It's only 2:30pm there  right! Oh the HATE. Well  I love you dear :-)
and I'm really sorry about your friend. you're right - MS sucks in a major way.
I once let a Delta Chi fuck me in the ass in Raleigh  NC. He took me to Bahama Breeze and that sealed the deal- doesn't take much.
Sugar was too much of a bitch. The old man deserved it.
HUJIKHJKUILJKKJ Lmaoooooo. I cannot stand y'all asian ass ho's.
It is; I hate winter.
 On a scale of 1-10 (10 being the highest obviously) how outgoing are you?
OMG Sheesh. Its probably good though.  Right balance of sweet  salt   fat  heart attack  diabetes and stroke all in one bite.
question  where the fuck is my father!? he has been MIA for like two days!
Do you remember "Dream On??" Dude got HELLA ass...on accident!!...kinda like I used to...LOL!
  My fav song girly!!! is umm.. Up &amp; Running by @jessicajarrell atm! But i have lots :) hbu!?
ohhh fun are u eating roasted pig?
or do you just hate crossing them in big chunks?
ha! sucks for u!!
fuck off and die! Thought I would counteract your enthusiasm.
  mmmmmm it was awhile ago like idk really. haha but he kept textin me offa dk phone likeeeee 3 weeks ago maybe  buhh dont worry it was just friendly friend stuff haha :) i member how you guys ment ;D
you are a push up whore...one day it may save your life.
  shutter island
why would i accuse you  im SUPER FUCKING JESLOUS OF YOU
idiot's a good one and so is asshat  dumb shit  and dick wad.
Sucks when u have a cold! Have u tried drinking tea with lemon & honey? That usually makes me feel better when I have a cold! :)
You would hate to see my sister :/
  :/ ugh.. why are you doing this again?
almost 40 and whatever hoodsag I may have it's workin better than ever and I ain't cutting a damn thing down there.
but...but...to hate them is sin!!! just give me the ones you get angry with...i'll take care of them! hahaha
Yep. We are tweeting each other too. Mostly with messages like "U R A NERD." Indeed  he is the man of my dreams :-)
damn yall know the crock pot stuff is funny
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
I saw that. what's his name! In so far as the fat bastard - what?!
  why
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
I'd have 2 say a nice ass & hips.
I HATE driving in this shit.
  yea >_<
 are you foing out???
  Okay. Will do :)
 i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguest(bunch of numbers)
totally agree dude. Pushed carts at Safeway for 2yrs in hs  people are fucking retarded
  the creepy guy that crawls in little girls windows and does bad things to them in the night.
Would you believe the same article said eating less helps us live longer  too? Damn those scientists!
 I&;m in love with you
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
I figured so  but I went with the obscure Peter Sellers nod. Me = nerd.
you order pizza that much they have you on speed dial. damn.
Damn straight!
 so who do yhu think yhur inlovee wit ??
yeah  it sucks. 6 yrs down here & realizing we dont get snow. just ice. and nobody can drive in rain  let alone ice
During hurricane Ike our power was out for 5 days  others for 2 weeks or more.  It really sucks after day 2.  Uggg  be well.
  Something cute and ME!! haha you kno? well a beamer is my dream car basically! or a porshe!
  i need a job hahaha
yeah  he was like "I can't fucking change my setting bc all the fucking instant messages are blocking"
Football. I hate it. It&#8217;s official  I&#8217;m bad luck.
write more books  sccessful new venture with me  &bring fat fat 2 L.A. so we can hang out and buy our sons a bunch of cute clothes
LOL damn broke the screen? Tough love? Word? Haha and yea that would be a good name for u..truth sells :D
i hate u! Jk.. But u can keep it.
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
I always thought of him as Hermy  the wannabe dentist.
yes  it's winter time and i'd hate for her ears to get cold out there on the ocean city boardwalk.
 Can someone honestly be thinking about nothing? (I don&;t think it&;s possible BUT that could just be me.)
If u talkin Teyana Taylor. @blakbillgates is right. she don't like dick G. sorry.
fat guys are immoral  there should be a proposition to keep them from marrying  VOTE YES
RE: Hugh's daughter.  I just hate to see when a female CEO step down and says it's so "company can evolve" AAARRRG!
 Are you obsessed with shiny things?:
haha cunt.
 when is ur birthday?
wow that is damn ridiculous.  I think i will be crossing off dubai for places to visit.
unless Adobe gets their head out of their ass Flash will die because mobile will be the dominant platform.
omg dude! im so sorry!! that totally sucks. is it bad??
 Can you tie your shoes more than one way?
 i never said that i&;m 16 or that i&;m sexy. dumbasssssss
ur smater than me then. last year  i was out on nye sick as fuck. came home with pneumonia
I think it sucks people r discussing it more w/out anyone involved being present. God forbid anyone EVER asked any of us about it.
  Im not a nurse yet. But I would say the neverending need to keep helping people. Its more than the average person could do... r Maybe this way  I can make a difference. If not in the world  in someone's life. :]
Geek. Only because nerd is to harsh.
 I dont havee mineee D:
bitch  hurry up!
 If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
You coming to work today  E? I know it's Gay Day and all. I wasn't sure if you were gay or just running late.
 :3 wow ashleeee your fakes amuse me lmao  okay  you are retarded to keep this page upp :]
Im a retard and I know it XD you luvvers me lots tho!
just found the email buried in inbox - count me **IN** i've been on the receiving end of foodbanks growing up. it SUCKS BIGTIME
 Ion kno lol
..of course your work kicks ass too-didnt want u to think not appreciated! My god-that was amazing though wasnt it
FIRE HIM!!!!!!  lol lame ass mofo....
How the hell is Dallas fucking cold? Has anyone ever seen snow down there?
goddamn it kj...fuck you 58 times http://tinyurl.com/59blcl
 hahahah whoever is asking about her favorite sex position i know the answer lol hahahahahahaha
Didn't they say IE8 would be their most compliant yet? It seriously sucks.
you smell like the insides of a beluga whale's forehead
 what was the weirdest thing you have seen?
Sounds like you hate all your classes. Be a happy teacher!
 What is your general philosophy of life?
jesus fucking christ lmao
  My bedroom door.
Yeah i'm with ya...I hate to see guys get hurt  but it's a little easier when it's Roth..if only it had been Ward or Polamalu
enak aja! nick carter ga gay!!
Get Shit Done Day is almost over  fuck it  you should come
D:!  That's horrible  ;__; This sucks.
damn its like there black bunny playing peek a boo. HAHA girl is still fucking cute though fo sho.
nothin&#8217;  i did my hair  THAT WAS EXCITING! And then played on the computer for hours. Cuz  im a nerd.
 @y3 @l!X $3D yUh wUz j3rk!n oFf t@ q@y p0RN !n hIsz q@r@qe wi+ y0 d@d
lol hate to admit this for everyone on twitter to see  but i've actually started doing this too.. horrible..
don't get all emo about that ;)
-- "Never start a fight; always finish one." Wait. "We live for the One  we die for the One." Damn...hang on...
  yes once
 What was the last fight you got into?
and china WANTS taiwan back  im not sure Japan wants the Oki's  as for Macau  damn you portugese land stealers same as the British
don't you just hate that?! Especially when it is over the most irrelevant crap
why do i hate DMs? so many reasons... one is: you can't send them to someone if they're aren't following you. what a pain that is! :)
@ryanruppe damn you...
That's...so gay it's painful.
real fucking good times.
fuck yo moustache you young ass nigga. Step yo beard game up
As someone who spent many years in Phoenix  I think the desert creatures would freak if they saw snow.
  not at all :) look away haha
i just love that movie! damn it!
How sweet...Glad I could step up and be the the ass this morning!
Back at ya bro! Thee Oh Sees are playing Thursday and I actually have some money now  lets fucking rage!
 what&;re you wearing right now?
Tell them you want YouTube to quit fucking with things that no one wants fucked with.
 touche (i hate getting SHUT DOWN. I guess that's what I get when I pray for humility.) at least I am a better student t ...
What the Fuck? Did I die? #6wordepitaph
yo baby maker... Love my iPhone... Hate the auto-correct... They need to teach it "hip".
  haha definitely wont be sending this amywhere :] i dont need chain mail to tell me how good i look :] i already know! ;]
  no iDidnt
 What experience has changed your outlook on life?
u got me lemming for some laneige whitening shit! ive been breakin out lately n i need somethin to whiten my damn acne scars bleh
fucking iPhone auto correct.
i hope singing along- i'd hate to think i'm torturing poor little Pixel!
she's a fake biker chick  tho I'd only B a poser  can't/won't give up washing my hair & buying expensive shoes LOL
  when i wanna be haha
after I kept getting caught I just said fuck it  lifes too short and I wanna sing off key fools!
nerd!
  iKno bih
I would only fuck you if I was drunk... lulz.
AH! i was too! I hated that bitch. I want Bob or Sugar to win:)
They say I have the best ass this side of fourteenth street.
closing now. some gay xmas thing
 Tabi isn&;t fake in anyways  so go suck a fat one. SERIOUSLY. I will beat your ass. I love you Tabi<3 ((:
 what is your ideal date?r
  hmmmm.. prolly computer honestly
Son. Of. A. Bitch. :-p
ham stands 4 hot ass mess
oh guess who got an australian shephard puppy today. note: NOT ME. the other roommate. yeah. another. fucking. dog.
 nigga u fresh as fuck.!
Sylar/Peter? FUCK YEAH :P Us in the middle?
that's about what I can do  as I'm going to the gym and working out drunk really sucks.
i hate school =(
@EightysBaby man..... fuck the lakers
I hate it when I forget little details like that. You could always have him wear sunglasses. LOL
a frienf of mine did the mud run. Said it was a bitch showering. lol
 Do you like Dina?
Hey you! Yeah  it sucks down here  eh? Not sure about downtown PDX but Gresham/Troutdale is hellish. 21" o' snow here in Sandy :(
Damn. I was there this morn.
Maybe there's no snow  but there's a little bit of mud when it rains  and there's kat/dog poo and piss on the streets... lol
yeah esta aqui..or whtvr the fuck....I lived in D.C. for 7 years..of course i dont know how to spell Colombia...just said "D.C."
fuck you  change your name. Do you know who I am? (yeah  neither does my mom.)
Yeah  those same ugly guys that do gay-for-pay. That's why I demand hot girl on girl action in my porn. Oh oh. Yeah.
 yuh got yer nosee piercedd!!
yes yes  so gay.
Must Hate Hitler.
21
  yes. if square aliens came to see us. hahaha or if the tractors would get more creative..one of the two! :)
 You can only have one kind of sandwich. Every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
 What do you plant to grow a seedless watermelon?
I hate missing jumbos.
  sureeee.
 so i make you mad? well maybe you could find my histery book for me and cool off with some reading(:
Yeah I doubt I can go either. Kids xmas party. I hate attending these things  but oh well. Family first.
DM. damn.
I meant ready 2 fuck:) lol Hope u have something wild and freaky in mind. I'm bored :)
I hate it when I get sentences stuck in my head! It's so annoying!
Already on the coffee. I love her  but hate the whole spite thing. Climbed right on top of me to do it!
  hahah thankyou :)
  nope
I like your "about" section on your blog  I feel like my nerd and sweetheart side clash and complement each other too!
 why did you fuck it up. I could do it all day too. Let's do it when you have an hour. Ping me later to sched writing a book here.
Dude. That "Sleeps with Angels" song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song "Hey Hey  My My" and Harvest Moon
I like the verses to the song....just not that lame ass auto tuning nigga on the hook
know the feeling  it sucks... hang in there.
WHO CARES I HATE THEM! FTW! Knitting and crocheting before bed &lt;3
the miracle was getting the fucking hooves out
  well i think i no who this is.
 i hate that too - i have blocked a few of stalker / serial networkers on fb too.  maybe they should tweet first?
WPMU can go fuck itself
at least its not those nasty ass water bugs u had as roomates in Atlanta..Ew! Lol!
 What&;s the number one thing you want to achieve in your life?
  3:39 pm
weekend ofzo? 3) I still hate twitter 4) I love Gerard he's writing umbrella academy but I still haven't read it yet -shame on me
 Isnt that quote from alice in wonderland?
that's good.....I reallllly need more RAM  but saving money is a bitch.
 -woaahhhhhh! Likee dude i&;m in youhr backround!!! :D AWESOMEEEE! <3 ilybbyy(:
Damn fucking skippy. I'm onthe same shit
What!? Oh  that sucks!
kick their ass babie
  Sure
@petie_martin...shondor shabbos  that's what...shut the fuck up  donnie
 I like your mustcha
i fucking love u too and merry christmas eve babe...i can't handle this right now i have no where to go
  the office 100%
the man has talent and makes some damn good music. But he overrates himself sometimes.
I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
  yes. my sister. hahaha
Moffit Cancer Cntr. pulled in & said I hate coming here. Valet parking car  raised his bracelet-"I beat cancer here." new perspctv. Tnx!
I know...I thought he decided to stay here....that sucks. What I'd give to catch him under the mistletoe...
I thinks you meant to say that TWILIGHT was epic fail  not your mistake. I hate stephanie meyer and I've never even met her.
I listen to songs right after I get them.. so I JUST got these. I hate having anything unlistened. LISTEN. NOW.
Ew. Those men.... Gemma! Have better taste! They're obviously gay.
damn  why don't all harem leads shout that  kouhai~? would be interesting the resulting chaos
That is very sad. My prayers go to the Culkins. Really sucks.
 What bothers you the most about society?
They say I have the best ass this side of fourteenth street.
me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
  i brokke up withh him .
AARGH! I hate that Big Bro here @ work blocks so many sites! Now I've got to wait till I get home tonight to take a peak!
I hate "Rag and Bone" so much.
 Do you have any concerns at this moment?
I never really thought about it  but I nearly always eat a big-ass plate of spaghetti and watch Goodfellas on Christmas eve
 what is your favorite video game?
well just DAMN!
Ordering Pizza Online??? Now thats some Fat Boy shyt!! :)
damn missing coffeeclub again. And this time really could have used a coffee ;-)
damnn dude  thats not cool. 3C here and raining. i hate being cold :|
  jennifer aniston/vince vaughan
@Heylin1234 oooh shit i forgot what i was gonna tell y'all -_O UMMM oopsie...ugh i hate my short term memory
damn  that was hard - my last attack: gnocchi! If you answer to this  you'll win
Exactly! Damn cops disagree though
Sorry  I just hate anything that has a penga right now.
HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! &lt;3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
  Good . hungry actually :)
cunt!!!! i love you!!!!
 can i get a encore? do you want more?
 ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Quick! Forget the prenup! Get lo-jack implanted in the new wife instead! I think he's an ass.
LOL! I'm not proud of my inability to deal with the cold :( I hate the treadmill too  but not as much as the cold...
is a long-ass dinner a good thing?
I was *sure* I told you both at the wedding...Damn that open bar!
 ur not that pretty... and u think that ur the prettiest girl..wow its stupid..
Wondering if the time has come for Wikipedia to be kick out of the top 10. Sucks that Google is being economical w/ natural search
#NAME?
 what&;s the worst drink ever?
1) Find a way to shrink my big ass 2) Do something really great next year? Write a book or ?? 3) Spend more time with family..
oh...and I wasn't just calling you a poser either :) http://is.gd/ed5v
Are you trying to freak me out?
@nsakes Fucking Twitter  ok can I come see it?
This argument sucks so bad bc I'm just trying to say tht NECC is a valuable conference to many people.You SEEM to disagree ;)
Yeah  I mean I know the plan and the creative are kick-ass. But sometimes clients have a warped view.
fuck you shane lol
Damn right.  He probably doesnt.
  iKno dat grul
Damn i wish i went out tonight. Twitter that shit up next time and let me know Haha
hey man! You =gay! Lol jk
way to not text me back DICK. :P
  lmao naw...dats elementary daysz
if you give up the dope  you're gonna get fat. live fast  die pretty!
no wonder you laughin'  i'm supposed to stay away from yo' ass.
Then my dad would either bitch  or just leave the torrents running 24/7. Besides  I'm too cheap to buy a DD-WRT / tomato router. :(
you smell like the insides of a beluga whale's forehead
damn kid...condolences homie http://twurl.nl/i3pwps
Whats the Adventure? Yeah Im Noisey Dont HATE!
  I don't really think much about it honestly. race  ethnicity  differences  color...its all the same meaning to me. :] we're all different.
  idk. that'd be hard but i think so
I dunno  did you offer me any of that fuck-ton of beer in your fridge on Saturday? NO
 She is as dirty as they come  and that crook Rengel  the Dems are so fucking corrupt it's a joke. Make Republicans look like  ...
My gluten-free  newly fat-free diet is also not avenaceous  though technically oats are not glutenous.
  ? no?
 Do you have a calender in your room?
Haha. Cool. Just sucks that we have to wait so long for season 2.
T'was totally worth missing #hohoto to nerd up the holidays with you. :)
yeah  but w/ that running time u'll be there 2morrow. that mmovie is long as fuck.
  haha ummm your welcome..?
Yea that is some BS! I HATE MESS LIKE THAT!
 Whats your favorite j. depp movie?
Oh  come ON... 1/10?  That is fucking ridiculous... that's what you give a movie like Love Guru or one shot on a fucking celphone.
 Joie is beautifulllll. :)
nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview. "anybody that aint me is a bitch". CLASSIC
Internet was down  couldn't get back to you. 10 day forecast: http://is.gd/clbJ   don't hate me. I think it's going to be sunny
No  you just piss out anything your body won't absorb.
Damn  that's crazy...And from the pic it looks like he "got grapes"....ahahahahahahaha...
 Is your middle finger longer than your ring finger?
Retard. Section E is?
 The last song you listened to?
Okami is fucking brilliant (i STILL havent finished it yet  and I'm like  nearly 30 hours in)
 lmfao dheyy cant havee it causee itss miness
  Love-Sweet November. r Comedy-Mr. Deeds :]
  Tell me about yourself :)
 Who&;s the funniest person you know?
 yo ppl spread the word and ask me more questions =]
motherfucker stop drinking Red Bull ADDICT! watch ulcers eat at your stomach lining bitch!
dropped off some old 3.5" floppies. A System Disk and Mac Paint.  Retro Mac crap kicks ass! - Photo: http://bkite.com/02RHw
damn.
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
  only in burgers.
Damn  Thats out of reach for me now. Thanks anyway. Ever tried this ? http://camstudio.org
emo!lol j/k
You've finally made it obviously - only the cool kids get hate mail
I HATE rain..wud rather the snow..crazy I kno..lol
#NAME?
  most of the time
'Night Guy' is ALL motivated @ 11pm but he knows 'Morning Guy' is gonna hate him when Miss Emily arrives at 5:30am ;-) Night Tweets!
i hate you! i want to be in bed :(
antlers. nah  fuck that. they look stupid and extend the paradigm of happiness seasons fucking greetings etc etc
i really hate 2008 goshh so much crap
whelchers fuckin suck ass!
I know! Will it ever end? I hate these weekend renovators  it goes on for years!
Ugh  ok... I hate NYC also. Hmmm. thinking...We are having a Screening on the FOX Lot that week. Maybe u can roll through?
As opposed to a non fucking fuck?
yeah  damn near engaged...he's well....living in KY  teaching  married  kids  etc.
 you like painting?
I hate you tomlin....
i bitch slapped my cousin once.
 Do you have a distinct smell?:
  awhh i would saw lets! but i have a husband d:
ummm wat the fuck u went and saw the jobros without me!!!!!WTF?????
Liz likes to be followed.  She's freaky  and a freak is what I need in my life.
  Haha youu need a phone !(:
of course I joined this gay shit but I won't be saying no gay shit partna
what if it could be all 3 that would stink on 2 levels  but I bet it is a fat bonus  or ur picking up his backyard
I hate you sometimes. lol
ikr? It's so fucking gross. GET ONLINE AND SAVE YOURSELF FROM THE 'TARDFULNESS.
Holy ass hell balls!!!  $260 for premium????  Fuck upgrading.  I will fucking cope with Basic
I had to go to two stores to get all 4 books. Hope she likes. She's 14  but kinda a nerd  so hopefully she will. lol
Wow so you got hit pretty bad with bad weather too huh  that sucks. Good Morning to you as well :)
 Starbucks guy &quot;It&;s ten o clock we are closing&quot;  My Mom &quot;You&;re kicking us out&quot;
Lol I say gay all the time in the gay way and I'm pretty gay.. gay gay gay gay..  I hope more people get offended
 What do you think is your most attractive feature?
Fuck them!
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
the google iPhone app sucks! Vlingo is much better and faster
The spammers recently decided I'm lonely  fat and have bad credit. I liked it btr when they thought I was a limp and bald man
damn that sucks.. u know  there are 3 types of people on the force  the ones who will hurt/help/stand n watch u ..
Doh! dont you hate it when that happens  I keep meaning to take a backup myself
 pretty gurrrl(:
fuck u and ur fucking break =/
Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
@nannon_x who the fuck is charles? yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuu
@levigroker The ambiance at Sushi Jianken is what husband doesn't like. He thinks it's poser-metro. But the food is great!
damn what you getting in to
They have been touring as just the dead for years. I've seen them twice. Bromance is a codeword for in the closet gay.
Fight the good fight. I sympathize. I hate to update! And W P is goshzillions better than what I had!
Yeah  and T-Mobile Germany offers unlimited Worldwide calling to other T-Mobile phones. USA only offers Nationwide. Sucks.
  Like 2 in a half years? I think.
Predictability Sucks!   WHUUP! (not being predictable)  Kev
 ckuss yew forgot bout mhe
Yeah i'm with ya...I hate to see guys get hurt  but it's a little easier when it's Roth..if only it had been Ward or Polamalu
  yep
A gay couple getting married in NYC isn't going to change anyone's idea about marriage. Divorce has redefined marriage.
don't hate on ghajini. It was an awesome movie.
oh! I saw the ex earlier. Asked if I "fancied a fuck" before he left the hospital. I politely declined.
Hate to tell you  Aston went to the beach. Aston is a good beagle. Well mannered. Diva pug needs more attention
Nah man  no help needed right now. Just ranting about this damn shopping cart I have to debug.
 Would you rather have a lovely day in with your family or go out partying with your friends?
oh hot damn!
the thing that sucks is if i did not have to work today i really could of slept in because the kids are gone
@mattfink best avoid the pig rolls for a while http://bit.ly/qmqJ
This guy was that weird solid fat looking type with skinny legs. More funny than scary
 Current worry?
in soviet russia  youtube bitch meet YOU
  :) Aww!! Yeahh she is my best friend * raphaela * Haha. She is german so i guess thts why! lmao <3
  Yes. yes. and i have the idea of it. as long as i have the paper thatt tells me which numbered spark plug goes where..i could do it :)
I would not be proud of that. That just means you're a whore or a polygamist.
 do you still believe to the race concept? like asian black and white are different type of races? or you prefer to use the term ethnic group?
It sucks to be done with exams n still be @ Mayag.
ground her now and she'll kick your ass lol
 the most ticklish part of your body is..
damn I tought I had a ton of email addies.
  Nope. I like games but i dont own any of my own. Usually don't have time for them
 lol funnyy childrenn. but slidinqq babe;!!    (insiderr juss forr yuu mikeyy.)) hmmm let&;s see let&;s see.
aye  it sucks when you end up in that situation where you don't know what to do book learnin' is anti fucked. imo.
I hate chex mix. Almost paletable if you add bacon to it. Merry Christmas  and may there be bacon for everyone in 2009!
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
dick and bubble gum. Thats what used to work for me lol
 If you could date any celebrity  who would it be?
fuck the krebs cycle.
I hate you so much.
Oh yeah. That would be a good one. I still think they could kick ass doing "Got to Get You Into My Life."
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
I do but I picture the fat guy in the leotard
LMAO life in the fast tweet lane. i never fail whale yet.but than again only 709 tweets.does that matter?
  nope.
  But I say I'll be back gotta get some more coronas!!!! bahaha jk my favorite drink is dr. pepper :D
and @Thronkus Don't hate on the old people...they got spunk.
makes sense and glad that it's shifting (even if geologic).  hate that kind of snobbery.
damn right. Unfairly maligned is the poor sardine.
nobody talks to my sister like that! Take ur goddamn frive iphrones and get the fuck out!
I have (and hate) Charter. They forced me to upgrade from 3Mb to 5Mb and then raised my bill 50%. A-holes.
 Does your school have dry erase board or chalk boards?
that  and "I'm not gay" aw I miss bonez.  I hope he's not in prison.
 Weirdest pet you have ever had?
 Thanks for ditching me on IM on facebook
fucking ayeeeeee
  It really depends on my mood and the type of people im around. Im very good at starting conversations but if Im around someone else thats doing a lot of talking  I may just be a bit backwards cause I don't like to steal the light :)
 r u in love with someone anonymously?
I guess my lil man gets it from me too but simedays I think...damn it I must be annoying! Ha
The dam @chilis? Is this like the pig under your tree? Have you cracked open the chard already?
That is bad ass.
  hehe oh i see (:
  Yes i think so ;)
- or L7 - that's where i totally kick ass!!
 Do yooh lite it upp ma?!
  yes
How are you "fat" if you have a fairly chiseled face in your pic?
damn son
that sucks *hugs* :(
I am slighty mad at perry.  he can lick me ass!!!! loll
 oo i gotchu yeah. manee
I do but it sucks at scrabble.
Glad you made it home through snowstorm. Sorry @ wack-ass co-worker. I just realized I still haven't had lunch so I think I will!
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
it's cuz twinkle sucks :)
I hate being behind those slow as plows. In a storm  it's nice to be on the plowed road  but I hate going that slow. Ugh.
great :P that lady is a cunt  that serves me right for getting excited over something
  mmm what?
how the fuck do I know your name? I know I've heard it before...who have you worked with?
 What are you tired of hearing about?
damn....I'm totally food aroused right now. HOT!
 When was the last time something slipped out of your mouth? (WORD WISE.)
kiss my icecubes formerly known as my ass cheeks.
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
cant wait to get FUCKED THE FUCK UP
  ummm. well it'd prolly be for some weird fetish smelling creep so no. just cause. its weird.
fuck  that blows! For how long?
I hate TV in general  but Wes' parents have it on constantly so I get to have dinner & rage at the news & current affairs shows
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
You are a Linux whore!
lmao  a grown ass man having brunch is even gaaaaayer!
$10 for water is better than the throat fucking i got for free the last time i was there.
 thats looks damn good bradda
Hey  at leat you got SOMETHING. Know what we get at work  as I found out 2day? NADDA! Bah hum bug! Damn scrooges!
LOL  maybe we have it at my store? I hate getting on the site unless I have to!
 what is your favorite color?
LOOK @ UR TEXTS OR I'M GONNA FREAK OUT @ U!!!
 Who do you like? =)
I totally forgot Affliction!!!' fuck outta here!! I got ur tribal tattoo right here!!!!!!!!
fuck yo couch
I vote for  "Shawshank Redemption". You would hate Twilight b/c it has the worst score *ever*. Srsly.
 you know.. you&;re pretty cool :]
  make my own path. always. i like the untaken path.
 What do you question the most?
I hate that. Then they have kids of their own and they're all "Why didn't you tell me it was so hard?"
 Should I ask more serious questions?
 How many languages do you speak?
no kidding I'd hate to get my Hurricane watered down w snow as I go from bar to bar.
Oh cheese and magnets... double damn! Take care of you!!! xxx ooo
 do you have a bf??
Screw Haptics? Kinky! ;-) Yeah I've found that feather-light touching and certain angles of fat thumb help. Almost less deliberate?
 Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
  how???
I've never seen Wall-e. Yes  it's a hole  I know  but that doesn't mean you're not a huge nerd.
 Do you wish you were more fit?
Maybe they're looking for Carl!!!  That damn Carl.
last nights Top Gear had V8 powered rocking chair = Fail. And Jeremy is gay.
  Nahhhh they're kinda neat to watch.
  my and timothys anniversary. we went to boi na braza  the brizillian steak house downtown cincinnati. its was super snazzy :)
 If you didn&;t have enough money to get the bus home what would you do?
ill settle that bitch down real quick 
fuck no _ I'll be out there by myself.  That's my ALONE time. Meditate if you will. Me the pipe & the stars rflecting & thnkng
 do you have any memories you&;d like to forget?
I will stick with the wine  yet "try" to adapt to some semblance of moderation - but damn that's a tough goal  Ha!
 when was the last time you were disgusted by somebody elses behaviour and what did they do?
 What&;s your dream car?
So sorry to hear that. That really sucks. Pls keep the twitterverse posted and let us know if there is any way we can help.
 Totally agree with you.  Fuck Prop 8.  very cool that apple came out publicly against 8 on the website.
 ..are you? all you can say lmfaoo. well  your fake everyone knows it  no need to go on about it(: sayoonarra<3
  - Marryyyyy!!!!??/ LOL! itss yuhh boo!!! Hahaha Noo durr suckkaaa!!! Nahhh i loveee yuhhhh mooOee!!!
Damn straight Phil! I've seen it dozens of times and it STILL gets the blood flowing! :)
  Home alone  yes.
  Yeaaah
Fastest growing daily my ass.. It's like me telling my sister she's the prettiest girl in the world. Pretty standard Biz 24/7..
FUCK NO I AINT PARTYN LIK DAT JAYLA U STUPID
  I love yoou too Remy<3 They arnt gonna do shit they won't even put their names . I don't care much for them they love me!(: No Bitchassness Allowed!!
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
Don't hate me. I bought the Coldplay EP.
you're such a bitch  I love it! :)
  they are yummy
  I forgot what we were talking about :p I love you twinsie<3
  lol ya nigka
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
 haha me too  haha iloveyouutooBABYY<3;D
That happens here in MD too. People totally freak!
haha yeshhh you are  and you thought i was gonna think its gay -_-
  ohhh your making my life soo hard!!!!!! ummmmm still brownie   WAIT ANY FLAVOR OF ICE CREAM?????? change my mind. i was thinking plain vanilla but if its any flavor  RASEBERRY CHEESECAKE
yeah  damn worthless cardio! = http://TwitPWR.com/xR/
damn your Jedi mind tricks!
 What was the last thing to scare you?
OMG! I hate when people say that!
Any special reason for the hate?
 Do you find the opposite sex confusing?
damn  we're in a tight spot
  Two.
Buffalo sucks. JK. Congradulations!
I should brush my bangs over my eyes and join you in emo grief.
 Have you been in a serious fight?
You are a marketing freak...I need to hire you as a consultant.  :-)
Frak the trainer.  Work out w/o him.  Don't quit because he's a dick.
  kohl's actually.
if anyone said Arial I'm gonna beat their ass.
  can you travel around the world in 80 days
  Who are you? :-)
you left me for a slut named kasumi.
#NAME?
lmfao! bad ass!
  this years love-david gray/r sweet november/r destin beach in florida/
I hate you so much right now. http://is.gd/ewZm
 Have you ever hit one of your parents?
 What was your worst travel experience?
- Damn... now  I'm bummed I missed... I'll be at the next one fo sheez...
  Thank you
yeah you should. Fucking dumbass.
  hmm if i know you well enough its like 8 but if not then like a 4-5 ish haha
I hate you.
  yes i have a best friend lol =]
 What kind of music do you listen to?
attention whore.
 What would be the best thing about being a vampire?
  well im a really good listener im great at helping solve problems but im known to be a big talker
if you're going to have to spend that much for a fucking pizza  at least go to mellow mushroom or somewhere not disgusting.
 random song of the day?
yeah @sokeri harassed me into following. so i had to. the Internet promises deadly convergence of all nerd-lives. beware.
  dont have phone sex.....you could get hearing aids...or dont be silly wrap ur willy.
lol. I've never been to a proper strip club  either. That's sad  I'm damn near 30 (in 4 yrs  lol) @savvyfatty @1hunid
I think that's another one that I haven't seen that makes me eligible for gay card revocation
 Have you bought any new clothing items this week?
  yea :)
hahah  ass :P hehe
are you sure you know what your getting yourself into by following my twitter whore account?
 <3 I love you  you&;re so beautiful.  I wanna be your boyfriend too.
I am slighty mad at perry.  he can lick me ass!!!! loll
shazzam so y'all been cupcaking the whole time (insert eye roll) Figured. Y'all probably already damn married.
  yes. and its a little creepy
you COULD be jobless! Praise God for it! despite how much ya hate HOW it comes at least it's coming IN rather than OUT. LOL
 Do you look forward to sleeping?
ohh everytime I see that nasty ass husband  wants me to beat the shit outta him
  yeah . i won a car!
  yepp
I hate to open the flue after a long fall. We get birds or dead squirrels...totally scary!!!!!
 What would you do if you found out the car you were in was stolen?
Sheeyat....Freezing rain is no punk. Hope you didn't fall & bust your ass in the parking lot.... I almost did.
damn that you would have been a perfect YouTube video
 what part of louisiana was you born in?
 do you like bodtf?
  nope. ive been lucky
yeah. i had to beg the stupid teacher. it was so gay.
Wow  that sucks.Merry Christmas to you and your honey (wow  we are both celebrating 'firsts' on that one) -The Bs
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
  greed.
damn its ollie's bday? Yall should stop by over here too!
@graf808 Damn it you two  get a room already! ;-p
 What&;s the best place near you to get some ice cream?
  Free cookies at Subway! Start the week off right with a Free Cookie at Subway! Recieve 10 points redeemable for a free cookie with any purchase today.r r Of course it had to be the longest text ever. haha I had a subway card and get those dumb texts all the time hahaha
 I so want to RT your bottom-feeding Tweet. It's too damn long
Dick Clark looked sloshed last night? I was thinking animatronic.
 im not Jewish im catholic so suck a dick
Me  too. Now I'm dragging my mature ass off to BED! G'night hawt girlie! Woot!
 Are you good at giving directions?
It won't take me that long in my SUV monster. I just want to watch you freak out as I drive in the snow.
  yea
Praying for your grandmother and your momma. I hate that they are facing so much.
 profile song!!!
  awhhhh thank you sooo much!!! idk why people keep saying that i think im so pretty haha because i think im nothing special and then it brings me to the im fishing for compliments when im litterally not. idk who commented that  but thanks all these people need to get a life and stay out of mine because they obliously do not no me.
pig pen is hotter :P
gelizzy is a cool ass name
DM. damn.
I hate ants.. I hope you get them...
you're a fucking bully  man.
  Haha awee' who is this?
@sherrieholmes @louislandon @PeteFromTheHip Thanks for the encouraging words. Sometimes I have to kick my own ass to keep moving.
  let it find you. it will :]
Right on eh! Fucking Fake Canadians cease and desist with using Canadian flags on your backpacks or I'll rip em off for you
I'm in bed listening to the loud ass BOOMS in mililani. So many ppl popping aerials!!
 Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.
 just checking if your like a chomo or something ha. good thing you said ew.
What the heck is wrong with the Bills.  They are tanking at the wrong time.  This sucks.
i dont care if its him or his ppl ... i care if its authorized or a poser squatting
Captain Jean Luc Pic-card of the USS Enter-prize  Captain Jean Luc Pic-Y'KNOW WHAT? FUCK YOU  TEMPLESMITH!
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
people who u like  people who yu hate  people who are loved and watched from different types of countries  relationships!
We might not get power back until Sunday  which truly sucks. Thank God for hotel wi-fi!
Damn  you've had more jobs than  um  er  well  you're just always employed! lol
  maybe you should text me NOW!!!! :)
i hate to say it but right now you are correct
  iFUCKINLoveyou!!!<33 xox ha!
 whats your favourite number?
  okay  cool.
Drive slow. And damn I missed Roxy last nite! Did she talk about how she got in the game or how old she was?
Ugh  ok... I hate NYC also. Hmmm. thinking...We are having a Screening on the FOX Lot that week. Maybe u can roll through?
  haha  exactly!  And I love YOUR new picture! I was wondering when you were going to use this cute ass picture! I love it!
hahaha honestly i fucking CRACK up on shit like that ppl need to srsly LIGHTEN up &lt;3333 ya
quite possibly the most random and funniest twit i have seen......ever :P awwww poor guinea pig  too many carrots is it!?!
GO GIVE YOUR GAY LADYBOY HUSBAND AN OILY BODY MASSAGE WHY DON'T YOU. AND @yourscenesucks yes its true.
I gave up on SATC when she did what she did to John Corbett! Never liked Mr Pig  I mean Mr. Big.
besides Fat Mike i dunno... does Amy Winehouse's refusal to go to rehab count? no no no?
Damn if TJ doesn't like your music  it must really suck. This guy will cosign anything
  probably my last week in idaho  i had alot of fun
 do you think gays are more stylish than girls? why or why not?
 What&;s your earliest memory?
I guess congratulations are in order  but now you have to write a damn dissertation. What is the topic?
I hate it when they do that :3
  baptist.
  i eat it like a normal person lol
Seriously! 'Oh Great  a giant American flag! WTF are we supposed to do with it? Fuck it  send it to Price is Right'
Of course  I'm hanging out for the Core i7 Mac Pros. Can't wait to see one of those babies murdering ANSYS problems. Hehehe.&lt;/nerd&gt;
hah!!! sucks being in canda! Roland  we have bright sunny skys
hate MobileMe...but I host my website on there...
Just keep your head up...you kick so much ass...
Seriously? WTF?! Who can pass on hugs and kisses?! Not I  That's for damn sure!
you totally need to follow @TheBloggess you'll laugh your ass off!
did you see Mike Huckabee on Daily Show earlier this week? It got pretty intense with gay marriage topic.
  yes. Ive had two years. Im on a waiting list for clinicals..which is americas way of being stupid to the people who are trying to get ahead in life..
they don't use Euros yet? damn lol
woah that sucks :(
All us GBP's are fucking tight. We've all been through so much shit together.
yeah... it sucks...
Damn dude... That's why my window just broke! The EOD are on their way man! ;-)
 Chocolate or Vanilla?
 When is the last time you cried?
you're not wrong.. I don't hate you. I take it all back. My mustache apologises.
  To live....Pluto still. It'd be like living in alaska haha
this makes mme smile lol. I hate him. But we still dont bring him up bc to us he is dead and non-existant.
Well  DAMN...Thanx For NOTHING!
now THAT is really WT  fat from lipo to power your car!
that sucks balls!
Damn :/ I remember I was always trying to save for a Kiko Transwhatever its called potion.
Ouch.  That sucks!!
LMAO! I'm fucking bored. Hurry up and get off so you can talk to me and play YoVille with me.
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha (so is that why celebs "crossover" when they make it)
  kewl lol
  no. i suck.
yep  I'm the epitome of geek. But at least I fail at being a nerd :P
  ...all that about your job really sucks. &lt;3"
 in making decisions  you always end up following what your ______ says.. heart or brain?
 1. Are you fake? 2. Who&;s Cheyenne  Taylor  Tarren  Samantha  Jessica. 3. Do you live in Montana? Cheyenne is the real one. 4. She also has videos of her in school etc. Why is your pics in photobucket
I guess everything's alright but I hate this still.
 What do you do when you have alot on your mind?
Work sucks  but christmas can be fun. -holiday hugs-
system updates are always slow on the ps3 I hate them
 *POOF* Your in prison... Why are you there?
those will sell like hot cocks....cakes...hot cakes...damn it!
you are a twitter/last.fm whore! :P
  No. Im with my first and am gladly in love with him-r HARD TO GET is always BETTER! :)
 austins new girllfriend is not uglly  &amp;&amp; she is way way better than your nasty asss willll ever be. Ha evven youur so callled bestfriend &quot;katellyn&quot; aggress that kristens pretty tighht.
I never thought I'd be in a position to say this  but BusinessWeek is wrong. Damn wrong.
  ewww i hate that stuff :P
 If you don&;t know the words to a song  do you improvise?
that sucks man! what happened! -- network latency?
Now I'm gonna have to go back to McLuhan & Leary to help me translate WTF you just wrote.  Damn  I hate when that happens.  Heh.
Girl...you good. Lol at hearing your own name... Call me when you can. I'm the graduate damn it! Lol
fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
I READ THAT BOOK ON GAY SEX
do you use the term fuck on a stick
freak'n awesome. so far loving 4.5. the browser is fantastic. and finally video  pretty cool
I brought Prussia back  bitch.
  yup it sure does!
gay people have just as much of a right to be as miserable as straight people! ;)
 Who is your loudest friend?
  haha ok it'll be our secret
 Crap  I'd better get my ass in gear.... you're catching up to me!
 Do you know anyone who keeps their dog in their house?
Fuck yea it's the bomb
 What&;s the nicest thing someone&;s ever done for you?
No  I HATE those commercials! Just GROSS. *gag* Okay okay  you've got an hour before showtime. hehehe &#9829;
  Annoyed lol
katrinaneufeld Does a French whore smell better or worse than ur down home Blackstone variety?
I don't believe in a lot of specialty kitchen gadgets  but I cling to my potato ricer and my popover pan. Carb freak? :)
Pull your head outta your ass! Are you ready to take the helm?
oh yeah. Forgot bout the weather over there. Damn  i hate being the last one to celebrate new years.
I still haven't caught up with Freak Angels
He's so fucking annoying. I would just tell him fuck off and it's his fault he has an unverified address &gt;:/
you're a European so stop being a bitch to @mbites or I'll stop buying your chocolate  of which  I once bought 22 kilos :)
yah i think i can!! haha. i'm just gonna have to ignore his dumb ass LOL
happy for you  sucks for me!  this should have been SNOW!
  60 inches. :]
 Do you think psychics are real?
Tommy blows cock! lol
...would love to share some ideas (read: have been looking for a guinea pig to play w/ twitter + teaching @uwgb) Interested?
 Always wear your seat belt?
A big  fat chocolate one.  Interpret that however you like.
Sorry about  ur bank trouble  but all that talk about ur Curvy Ass has me way to distracted to get anything done today.
  I would if i could  but i cant :(
I got it. How many damn websites do u have homie! Sheesh!
that's some kick ass hair. :)
I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
  nothing prolly. getting over a sinus infection and upper chest congestion
 Who was your first celebrity crush?
 haha i dont have a question just wanted to say hi(:
 What are your parents like?
Want more energy?...lose some weight..aka FAT both products Science-based..one has composite patent other double-blind study!
I am Dutch ;) Over here  there's a difference between the fat ho-ho santa and st. nicolas (sinterklaas).
that sucks  Jon. Hope he's well in time for Christmas.
 How old were you when you learned to tie your shoes?
got it .. and I have read that! Gonna re-read tho..Im stuck and have been for a while..sucks! Thx for help--love ur stuff.
  nope
Pretenders come to mind! Damn.
  why yes he is.................my mum still wants to no the lotto numbers lol.
YOUR MOM SUCKS ASS. Don't be such a douche. It's obviously not done. I'll add the fucking parm when the noodles are done.
  ah me. by griffen house.
damn. lol. let me try something else. hot lesbian sex. nekked girl on girl. free porn.
 if you could be with anygirl in the whole world  who would that girl be?
Well then! Thank you for the info. When I get home I'm going to go yell at them about their serrations. Damn things.
- More DnD podcasts!?  Fuck YEAH!
don't be all emo like that xD.
i get that ha ha smart ass :p
 me too!!! I also hate closing then opening then closing shifts that gets me all out of wack.
yes...and they are about to be fucking DISOWNED. *grumble*
I don't wanna sound gay or nuthin'  but that sir... is an arousing pic.
 What was your first love like?
ate there Friday and it literally blew my mind---so good--but its not a Fat Louis type of place--much different vibe
damn fine! The snow is gone thank god!
hate in your blood is not healthy... i put that on my momma.
  yesssssssssssssss :D
  .
I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
yeah yeah. I've seen your dart board with their pictures pinned to it. You hate them as much as I do.
  I have before. but its been a while. I can do anything :)
damn it i totally forgot that one!
 Hey. Why you such a bitch?
hangs longer than u while u lay there on ur ass! 1 day u gonna look back @ these days & ask urself where did ur life go?
you get to buy booze  i get to drive with my parents in the car. FUCK YOU.
na just a bitch of a teacher!!!!
Damn it  you beat me.
 Have you ever had a poem or a song written about you? if so what did it say? what was the title?
ooh im sorry my non celibate ass mourns for ur celibacy and it sorry demise my condolences http://twurl.nl/a16z8c
 o ok change the subject. well who u cause iam her cuzzin
  10ish
 Spontaneity or stability?
DAMN!!!!"
gah  stupid sixtyone and inability to share music. I hate relying on Youtube  but: http://is.gd/1YVl
would you be implying that im gay  or youre blind?
 You are walking down the street on your way to work. There is a dog drowning in the canal on the side of the street. Your boss has told you if you are late one more time you get fired. What do you do?
lol...i disagree...Dick in a Box got too built up for me. It's funnier now...but it wasn't when I saw it. :-( jiz in my pants rocks!
 but i want your hairy ass then after i lick it i can fuck it you know you want it
 What were you doing the last time you really had a good laugh?
Yeah.. :c My brother freaking sucks (in case you did not see the other message seen what I said to my other friend).
 GOOD! Now u can bring ur happy lil' ass over here & help me finish hanging this garland.  ;-)
Lol. Ur a bitch. I've done Hondurans and Chileans  and I don't need some closet gay Peruvian dressing better than I do!
send them instrumentals man! im performing a peas gotta have it track tonight too  fuck it
it's the season for it....damn u satan
 Imagine. It is a dark night  you are alone  it is raining outside  you hear someone walking around outside your window. Who do you call?
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
Al Gore can kiss my REC credits' ass: http://tinyurl.com/5jb76v  :-) I actually offset our whole bill
I'm keeping it now *just* to piss you off. hehehe
Ugh  the bane of my existence.  Hate them.
damn right
Meh my internet connection always sucks.
you mean we chatted about how I wish I were a gay man??
I hate it when you get "blue" teeth. LOL
 @ BrettLegree is a genius  really. If he says it sucks  it sucks. I work for myself and still have to use it. :(
Mine has been private for the last few days. You want to follow me-go for it. Me a lying cunt? Whatever.
ill let u know wut i think when i read it.  btw  dont hate your boobs lol n any ideas for your next tattoo?
gahhhhhh....I hate them. HATE THEM. They come in on the pipes and through the heating vents to keep warm. BOOOOO.
that's more like it! but seriously  you're gonna hate emacs if you dont like / want to use lisp. that's its main draw
Any chance of some Charge Tees for Fat Guys? American Apparel hates big folks.
 Name something you bought on your last trip to the store.
LOL! i know i tried a few times and had no luck. damn my mouth! :)
big fat fluffy flakes... so magical and beautiful  and best of all  it only lasted a few minutes.
I was too scared to read it - I hate spiders too!
FUCK YEAH - you should start printing the $50 Bil Bernanke Bucks too. I could use some help ruining the economy  it's hard work!
GET YOUR ASS BACK HOME
- Fat Bastard sends hugs for retweet on Austin Girl blog: http://austingirlblog.wordpress.com (need feedback on writing)
damn I wanna go Ms Baker  too!
#NAME?
How can you hate Hugh Laurie!?
yeah  I hope he doesn't freak out about us hating it. And is there an online list?
damn! I only have 127....i fail! :(
dude  that pic of you in the Gold 2009 flyer looks like a friggen glamour shot  fag. hearts!
Hello! I am cooking for my family and need to find a meat that has high fat content like Pancetta  but it can't be pork. Halp!
Checking their catalogue now and damn that a fine list of products they have.
- Every time I see a new one of your blinkies up  I'm shocked. They are so damn cute and well done. :D
  A flame torch.
Haha  I should. What the fuck? Where at  why  and how?
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
BOOO!!! We missed out on date night. I hate the Tinder Box.
Damn  you really do read her blog....
bitch better share this vivid alt shit isnt doing anything for my vagina and its moistness. fuck.... EON I WANT TOSEECOPULATION
don't buy it....1 study  many people don't want to see solar go anywhere (fat cats)...they've been fighting it for 40 years.
dont hate ur life! =_=
 What was the best job you&;ve ever had?
unless Adobe gets their head out of their ass Flash will die because mobile will be the dominant platform.
Night shift sucks...hubby was on that shift for years  you never get used to it.
Yeah. I was thinking the same thing. I don't WANT to go work from a coffee shop all day! Damn!
  yes of course. i would love to be a pirate. always. errrgg.
the day after christmas and not yet :/ so I will be there early sigh fuck my life
re:fuck the creative industries blog post (at squares of wheat):I say:Waaaay too much empty rhetoric there. Be the Change ?
I'm surprised you hate this movie so much - um  what exactly is a good movie for you?
but i thought every dude was a douchebag trying to fuck a pair of tits. way to not be. lame.
 cyrus?
  Yes. im with them now
emang lagu2nya emo? bukannya mellow? :D
  which mall bih
 Musicals:  Cheesy or entertaining?
oh hot damn!
Obviously helping disabled children is more worthwhile than what we do! (But to say we sell "gifts for people you hate"?)
Don't worry  I won't hate you once you have to wake up and sending tweets at 6a again. lol.
 What do you think of women who wear revealing clothing infront of kids?
 Do you eat cheeseburgers?
i will but now the only problem is im realllyyyy not looking forward to seeing some gay show
FOR REAL!!!! I NEED TO JUST STOP!!!! REALLY!!!! FUCK!!!!!
yeah u are!! Asian ass  embrace it
Fucking incredible. He rocked harder than anyone I've ever seen.
church can also suck my dick.
@lauriewrites OMG...Margeaux can reach this octave range that I swear makes me see red! and she knows it. grates my fucking nerves
Yes  that's the one. I refuse to believe Race had a baby w/anyone but Jezebel Jade. I hate his accent in RAJQ
they won't let us live anywhere without coming up our ass. I want to move  now ):A
Grew up a Habs fan  which meant I had to hate the Leafs when I moved to Toronto  which meant embracing the Wings.
 have you ever been on itellyouthat.com? go there and tell something to the world :D
Taking the piss = talking trash  perhaps
nooo #TeamBlack (btw looking forward to you coming down even if I have to shower your ass w paintballs)
I hate stupid people.
  idk
@anthonyvoedin @bratzgames --- Reported Web Forgery! FUCK OFF! Stop DM-ing me. &lt;3 Firefox 3 protection !!! :-)
Excellent! We'll straighten his ass out one way or another! :~)
if you can get me a signed copy of Jordan's book....we'll pull some qoutes during shows.  That guy kicks ass muchos muchos  wow
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
HOLY FUCK! that was one tough fucking cow!
Love hate?
  Blahhhh
  No.. hate that.
you said fuck everyone!
is crowded. Damn.
That sucks.  Life can't really be that bad  right?  Chocolate does always help.
 What hair color do they put on the driver&apos;s licenses of bald men?
Oh  hey  that's good! Makes much more sense than what I had floating around in my head. :) (1001 uses for goose fat...)
  telling someone that you dont love them back. ive had to do it and it is so tough to say.
@lordschmindie You crazy kids be careful  it's a fucking jungle out there!! :~)
  nothing else to do in life.
 how long have you been together?
yeah we all call her a whore and shes all don't call me that! So i called her a slut. And she said im a tease! And i told her  ...
oh wow  that really sucks. :/
thanks girl  and damn you @robertocstone for sending me that OJ da Juiceman mixtape cover. LMAO
Heh  his name's Jeremy (stupid little nerd  but he's up for any challenge.) And he's about to break  anyway.
I hate him.
  I know its you dina im not dumb.
 go 2 hell
  gotta take for something else they dont have or want
 Do you put cheese on your spaghetti?
Lmao  I broke the shorts out the other day.. Thats why I sports a hoody and shorts half the damn time!
you should have her talk to @junsten about that. Similarly  he once told me  completely out of the blue  "I'd hate to be a bird."
LOOOOL TA PHOTO =D !tu as aim&#233; silvester ou pas ? :S jamais bourr&#233; ensemble -_-' mais trop ch&#232;r l&#224;-bas LOL et le GAY MDR ! lieb dich
oh in that case. WTF  thats some ugly ass shit to do.
Yes! All of those twitters were directed at Frank Miller and his horrible screen play! DAMN YOU FRANK MILLER ILL KEEL YOU!
  nahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1005 agree. I hate bullet points. Images are superior any time. @presentationzen has a great book on just this.
  depends on what they're cooking. my dad makes amazing lasagna  chili and veggie soup. but my ma makes awesome fried chicken and wedges and mashes taters and baked ham.oh my!!
Ha! If I were your neighbor  you'd be tweeting about that bitch next door with the loud music. Admit it.
 i hope you know i hate you. frances is one of my best friends! ass hole!
  Haha(; Thts how I do !:p
  oil spill  and world peace and world hunger :] i know thats 3 but i cant choose lol
  Hahaha... I dont sing!! LOL! so srry! Im horrible. btw I dedicate &quot;SMILE&quot; 2 yuh! Its playing!!
  sometimes
they seem to be the same every damn year
perhaps i should call it that to freak the family out.
oh my..that sucks butt..hardcore..wow
ohhhh like that... well then shit girl  u shud be pissed. AAAND... u needa tell the BF his own blood is using his ass!
goddamn it kj...fuck you 10 times http://tinyurl.com/5nv2tl
 wat concerts have you been too?
DAMN.
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
Did...I mention that among my new disciplines are Dementation  Dominate  Presence  and Obtenebration?  I am fucking AWESOME.
 What were you doing when you found out Michael Jackson was dead?
 What do you think would cause mass hysteria?
 doll  you know i'm fucking feelingggggg you!  thank god you'recoming this weekend so it forces these fuckers to get on it.
yeah i am glad i have the next 2 days off.. I just have to get through xmas eve and the weekend afterwards. damn gift cards
  Hmm..sloth is what came to mind lol but its not really what I wanted. haha maybe  dragon :]
Therefore  I hate you. Lol.
  yea lol all the time
I am getting the royal rigga-ma-rool on it. Called CS  sent email  we'll see. Buts it's all automated now and CS just sucks!
art IS easy. who the fuck gives A+s?
we talked four days ago!!!! emo cowboy fan :)
  bananas :]
 chest hair mean hair on chest ?  (-_-)?
im jealous lol.  u better protect the penis at all times i dont care how cute YOU thought she was lol Hate hate hate
he did leave quickly after our neighbors woke up and yelled. he didn't get too much. but the feeling sucks.
fuck off dude  don't waste my time...
but its a-fucking-dorable  look at the bugger.
You should check this post out: What to designers hate about people in their field: http://bit.ly/F8Ld
no prob.. that's a good point! =( man this sucks...
if Q is there tell him he sucks. He's dark and plays suspect lol
LOL! Yes  all hate mail goes to rockdog@annieburltalk.com and gets read live on the air LOL
& @babysinead that dude is a fucking PSYCHO. i turned down working for him and he told ppl that I DID and that i was TROUBLE.
sucks for you
  in my head.
 what do you do to help the environment ?
awe man that is going to piss alot of people off.
 If you had to choose between a millions bucks and being able to fly  which would you choose?
 Ever gave a really long apology?
 do you put on make up everyday?
another reason I hate DMs is:  they ring in on my SMS even though they are often lame ads  and not urgent for the sender  nor myself!
I hate you so much.
 your beautiful  and it seems like all the rude comments you get  is all from one person. dont listen to them everyone knows you are the sweetest girl ever and cold never be mean
  Awww man you just reminded me! I wtch it sometimes bhut i love Big Mike! Pplz are really wrong bout letting Katie go!! Argh . .
that sucks!
 YOU DONT EVEN FUCKING HAVE FAKES STOP THE FUCKING BULLSHIT AND GET A LIFE JEZUSS. HOW OLD ARE YOU KID? LIFELESS BITCH YOU NEED HELP.
dude.. I just think the twinke or whateva you call it... It damn cool.. LOL
 How old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
is there a good way to NOT copy formatting in text? Or strip out formatting? I hate that about OS X apps.
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
Um...sorry  Yatty. HATE shopping this time of year. Do everything online. Good luck  though!
  I have him. My Timmy :]r He's super in everyway possible. Sweet and sensitive enough to understand but hard and can stand his ground when it comes down to it. A little over protective but only enough to show that he truly cares. He brings flowers home for me being his girlfriend day! :] If I want anything he'd get it but knows I have everything I want. Compassionate and caring and loves everything that I do. He enjoys all the same foods as I do and is open to exploring new boundaries he's never expierenced. Ohh and He let's me be crazy about things that Im so passionate about  that most guys would laugh at and make fun of. Recycling  planting flowers and smiling at people just because I want to make their day! :] He's perfect for me. He understands me in every aspect a man could. Hes sweet enough to damper my attitude and sarcasm at times but bullheaded enough to not always give in to me. Lets me whine if I want attention and holds me more than I could ever want to be held. I love him. And for me  hes my perfet guy! <3r Ohh and he's a super sexxy stud :] of course.
well. u have full permission to call me a bitch cuz for some reason. i might keep trying. i hate myself.
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
I imagine. Another thing  every time I open the Reader  my subscription folders are ALL open. I hate that too.
i got you your "i &lt;3 fat bitches" shirt. got one for matt and a "i &lt;3 fat blunts" shirt as well. Joe is around? or he in LA?
 its frmo south park lol
I'm celebrating and drinking to the fact you're an annoying fuck :)
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL AND I LOVE YOU  YOU GODDAMN WHORE &lt;333
what happens when you run out of Word of the Gay words. :)
Unfortunately it's just beginning.  I hate winter too.
 Who&;s the sexiest man alive?
oh  i am fine. But she will not be if she doesn't shut her fat fucking mouth.
  being able to hide my feelings.
 thanks though :) i appreciate it
 Have you locked yourself out of you house?
sucks to be me tonight....
well damn dats wild...niggaz aint shit ugh
you work in cape cod. why the fuck am i up so early. argh  stupid cousin &brother.
  nahh
like jealous toddlers  equal change to excel When a person DOES excel  other ppl bitch&whine - bc it "makes them look bad"  The
Say "Yo" from Dick Hammer to everyone
gay man
I once let a Delta Chi fuck me in the ass in Raleigh  NC. He took me to Bahama Breeze and that sealed the deal- doesn't take much.
  i know! seriously! whoever they are obviously doesnt have the BALLS to tell me to my face or at least tell me who they are lol
  Kindness through ALL humanity.
Gee  i might if the person running this hadn't been such a bitch to me. I'll focus my efforts elsewhere  thanks.
  yes love one
 What&;s the best invention EVER made?
hes goin dwn!we cld kick his ass n dominate him
  idk
  Here? 7:51 am :]
 Why is there so much hate on FS?
that's what I was JUST tellin' myself !! Hahaha I said "Fuck it Kel  just DO IT and get it DONE !!" But I complain the whole way
checked out the link. Holy ass...i think that fairy had seen that vid a million times cuz he was damn close! LOL
shut your ass up I did....they got me though
aw man that sucks!
i hate this this sucks butthole im so mad im pissed i told that person not to tell
  Honesty. I don't have many true friends.
lo thankyou.. will see you soon :) and i hav to send a mail to u damn!
  Yuppers! Nose and Cartilage piercings(;
  I never wear a watch. i dont like time.
@MartinAndLegend I have an absess in a very uncomfortable place. Waiting on the surgeon's opinion. This sucks.
know you have the Yahoo T&C story too... damn what are they chasing the few customers they have away now?
Epic WINS for Fuck City&lt;3
the day after christmas and not yet :/ so I will be there early sigh fuck my life
damn your hardcore! My legs are complaining from the simple long walk I went on yesterday. I've neglected them over the winter!
  No other than the most recent question about if I start conversations with ppl I just met. lol weird you ask. whyy?
i cant afford to call in gay i cant tell my bill collectors that
  Yes.
still nothing.  Lucky for you I have the free time to hop on twitter and remind you that you still fucking owe me.
  hmmmm. think the part where te guy at support sings tht part makes me tear up=/ La ve boheme is a good one two
not a fucking problem for me :)
http://twitpic.com/wixa - Tooo damn cute !!
I got it for Wii  when I get back from my dad's we're gonna play and it will be so kick-ass.
 What do you think is your most attractive feature?
  no.
  crazyness.
Sliders was a fuckin Kick ass show meng I miss it to
Hmm...gay marriage is a subset of gay rights  but they are not different animals entirely.
I missed that run  had my kids that wknd. I hate to admit I've been on the treadmill cuz its cold at 5am my schedule sux! Lol
lol whore bath...funny.
fat ol santa may eat a cookie  but he will also touch the youngest while they sleep.
hate.being.cold.
Damnit.  I've started a new short story.  About a dentist. Fuck.
 What&;s the nicest thing someone&;s ever done for you?
That sucks  they owe you much?
I so do!! When I come to visit we shalll. Woohoo! I cannot wait. =)) Love you  bitch!!
 hey there! any luck with a ffffound invite?  im still working on it  apparently im a loser :)
LOL i wouldn't know anything bout prostate spasms but it sounds terrible. they really needed 2 get up on their hotel piss game!!!!!!
Fat ass!
Unibroue 17 !!!! Another damn good Unibroue
  im good (: &amp;+ you bestfriend ?
 Longest relationship?
you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
I think i done bounced half my ass off LOL
I see you homie....Life's A Bitch 09': http://sharebee.com/c0756ec0
 so hows life in your neck of the woods?
 maryy me tabi
 What&;s the longest you&;ve ever gone without a bath or shower?
 what did you have for lunch?
 What&;s your favorite genre of music?
u better shut the fuck up wit that lol
Fucking pallys. I learned to hate them playing Warcraft III. And fuck rogues too while we're at it.
I think editorialising of news reports and blogging are not the same. I hate the first and the BBC is regular offender
everything but you. Everything but you sucks.
I just did the same thing. Now it's Miller time - okay  Chardonnay and picture editing time  but it's still *MY* time damn it!
FUCK NO I AINT PARTYN LIK DAT JAYLA U STUPID
 What are you doing this weekend?
man i'm jealous of your day! i'm also hooked on twitter. damn arv. like i needed another procrastinating tool like this.
Staying home with my OH  the pooches  and the fireplace...finally! I rather hate going out on NYE so I'm happy :)
I'm trying to find a fun place to get my baby boys first haircut...minimize the freak out :)
LOL if you read that myb. it was just annoying bc i hate footballll XD
  yes but i dont like to. i have this crazy fear of thinking if i just do it one more time my eyes will be stuck like that and i should lf just been satisfied with knowing i did it the last time. hahaha im a weirdo. but ya never know' ya know?!!
Your computer gave my computer an STD! Your computer is a whore!
Haitian...or...hate-ee-uhn?
damn I was also going to say that the girls might be shopping at linens n things
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
that's great. def down on carbs + fat. counting cals in and out is working perfectly. the big difference is my mindset. thanks!
overall  biz/mktg/PR but still toward the beginning - lot of basic 101s. The one i hate is art. odd since i'm an artistic type
I hate .... you .... zzzzzzzz
Dam Right. Fuck em
  does it matter
 Do you have one or more Britney Spears C.D.?
Haha! I'm glad someone else will admit to seeing (multiple times clearly) Gummo! I let someone borrow mine... lost. Damn.
lol cleaning  i hate the dentist with a passion!
and I are getting our fat on at Zaxby's!!! Diet starts tomorrow!! in Cordele  GA http://loopt.us/I0A8qQ
 What&;s the worst thing about where you live?
if you hate sprint. try jogging. and stop once and while for eggnog.
It's damn boring. Stay away from that movie and watch The Day The Earth Stood Still instead!
ha! that's awsome  i'm just right at prime so i'm at 4% before this drop  3.5% is pretty kick ass.
  yup probably
So  it seems you are an attn whore.....no comment. ;-)
 If anyone hurts Tabi  i will come to where ever you are and hurt you  physically :D I love you Tabbbbbi. (:
@derekbender It takes a real scumbag to steal from a community. Whoever stole the foosball table can bet I will fuck you up.
  Lookkk meahh upp! (: ALEXIS NICOLE HODNETT<3
@nightmaremyles fuck yes to both of you.  &lt;3
 Oh wow haha i just read that  guy/girl&;s(?) poem Love how my name is in it i feel honored jk
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
beast my pussy  bitch. LMAO...that's creepy.
 HEY BETCH. wanna not be a lil slut?! &amp;please oh lordy STOP CUTTIN EYES AT ME!r cus she want me dead (;
  Not at all. I like my space  that's for sure. And I hate clingy touchy blahhh ha
safe travel tomorrow..back to reality--it sucks  I know..
 Is there anything in your house that glows in the dark?
whiterabbit819 stFu u ass i care and thats all that matters!
 Tabi  I love you. (: I will meet you one day (;
is the Black Bitch anywhere near Clever Dick's? http://tinyurl.com/axf82t
I've only done it twice (and once was on about an inch of bangs). I didn't do it over  even though I want to. I hate straw hair!
i just love the speed & simplicity cum features of Google Chrome
Damn straight!
 what is your favorite season?
Hot damn  champ right here! Had the old school TT shell helmet on for the whole trip. Backwards even! Huoooooooah!
ok I don't care what @cyandle says about being PC bc that is SO queer. And ftr  my gay friends would say something worse! ;)
hey there  it's Mike aka FFF (Christy Canyon nickname 4 me-future florida fuck) A true pleasure 2 talk 2 u on air 2night.
 ....oats<br>
What I HATE are white collars on colored shirts.
I had no clue...Damn  Homie!!!
I really like it too.   I don't know why a lot of people hate it.
are you still at school?! Ha!! Sucks to be you!! I finished two and a half weeks ago.
rooster fucking a football?  Can I get that in avi?
Yeah! id do her like my nigga did them white chicks at the club on Knocked Up...I fuck the shit out u old bitch but no clubin
LOL well it's funny as hell they got two fat asses trying to fit threw some small holes.
Hey man thank you for the post man!! I really preciate it! Glad you liked it man!! Yea Pinky ass is retard fat!!! lol Thanks again
Dang! Looks like InGen has moved away from dinosaurs and are doing 70's tokusatsu heroes  now. Damn you  John Hammond!
 (If it were to save a life) Would you ever give mouth to mouth to a person with Herpes?
 If you were stranded on a desert island  which one person would you bring with you?
Warm Mt Dew tastes awful. :/ Try Jolt Cola instead. Or maybe even Whoop Ass. http://tinyurl.com/8woa3j
 he&;s like a curse r he&;s like a drug r you&;ll get addicted to his lover you wanna get out but he&;s holdin you down r r sing it babe!!! :)
that's weird  because I hate them the second time I see them.  First time is ok but they get old quick.
That sucks...don't people have anything better to do...so sorry this happened to you.
Hah  wish I could do that. Being a part of "essential operations" sucks :(
  sure will
of course.  It scans perfect white.  But inking on mylar is a bitch for exactly same reasons as penciling on it is awesome.
I hate nearly everything about the first two HP movies.
  YES! people just dont know what it is.
 u30c4 You come across a zombie eating a waffle on a popsicle stick holding a dark green toothbrush. What do you do? o O lol u30c4
wel nt da same 4me. i follow news more than anything bt i prefer reading news papers.i hate nws chnls as they tk 2mch on phon:)
I cunt wait for u to start shitting out the gifts I sent jew.
i have to go inside of you tomorrow. i hate myself every time i am in you. i feel cheap and dirty.
I'm doing nothing. I was thinking about going to the Flaming Lips concert  but hate going alone.
I hate when that happens. BTW  where can I get one of those guns?
lol Damn talk about foot in mouth...... let me get to downloading!!! what are you doing on your day Ms?
  not really
haven't the Palestinians suffered enough without having to deal with that fat fool......heh
no  it's all good  not hungry yet just want it to get done. I hate my stew not to be perfect lol
  Not currently
  ...no.
We just call that "whiskey dick."
Damn I need to start watching Dexter  have only seen 2 episodes from season 1. I have a feeling it's my new favourite show.
  no  im sorry :/ i like guyssss
Haha. Cool. Just sucks that we have to wait so long for season 2.
Yes its a link to an article posted on FF. did the link not work for you? Maybe u have to be on FF? That sucks. Let me know!
whoever created chocolate pecan pie  thank. thank you for my big fat ass.
I just entered Ms. Single Mama&#8217;s Kick Ass Christmas Contest  you can too http://tinyurl.com/7f2h7g
 hello i would just like to tell you that i think your soo perfect  and adorable  a LIAR and totally kissable&;&;and im pretty into you<3 do i have a chance? [;
  nahhh
eeeeew  I wanna cum ;)
damn that is purely awesome!
Thank you. I'm sorry  did you e-mail me already? I seem to have misplaced it if you did. I am a loser.
Wow! That sucks.
Girl  UnSung has had me riveted all damn night. Been recording them and everything but I'm sitting up watching. They are so good!
  to the corner of it and cry :D
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
  Yes. But well no..i guess everythings an experience and i wouldnt have learned from the time spent with someone so NO. lol
whore! happy putin day! You think putin is half as hard to kill as rasputin? get it? fuck. I'm funny.
doc's a dick.. ill manage without injuring myself.. self inflicted pain would be desperate..which I think I am.. Siiigghhh!!
a recovering emo blogger...in the voice of andre 3000 "don't do it  reconsider  read some liter ature on the subject"
ooops that message was for your ass! LMAO!
Damn I also like Ferrero Rocher dark chocolate version.  They induce the zits on my chin :'(
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
woah! So suprised when i saw your updates! I always knew that you hate computers  =D
  kkkk. hope you feel better!
I hate the texture of chex - always have...
Now I'm gonna have to go back to McLuhan & Leary to help me translate WTF you just wrote.  Damn  I hate when that happens.  Heh.
I just purged 3 bags via Kijiji. Feels damn good.. :)
 How would a world without music affect us?
yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
Loser! Are you back for Chrimbo or staying out there?
Ewwww  it's Christmas...hate is not allowed!
Slurpees are awesome. Damn  now I really really want one O.o
Damn! Sounds like heart attack inducing combo.
it sucks they only show parts of the game
ooh mate - that's very generalistic  like saying all journo's piss you off. what is the cause? how can SocMed people help
LMAO! It's so funny "bounce that ass"
 Im dead serious.Real athletes never cheat don't even have the appearance of at his level. Fuck him dude seriously  I think he did
I'm late to the emo-ball.. I'm not even dressed.  WHY un-follow you?  What did you do now (pft- can't take him anywhere...)
  even if you save it  your always going to eventually spend it. so to make good out of it   i'd spend it right away!! :]
boo that sucks. Mine was quiet for hours.
it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
Thanks! :-)  I feel so much better as well  I hate when they are sick  and it makes it worse when I'm not here  poor guy.
both  think I liked the first one better. They both beat Harry Potter though  that damn rubbish.
damn skippy. Locus hordes watch out. btw  we got Samba de Amigo for the Wii this week. Very fun...
that song is so emo to me
And how is more "traditional" marriage  threatened by gay marriage?
trying not to hate you right now
 Think of a movie that starts with the letter K
I just wanted a fucking money order and it took 40 minutes to get it. They won't even look at you if you're on your mobile phone.
Alos  do you knwo how to change my IA username? My current one sucks + the department (MSTV) has been dispanded
Jealous. Want. (But getting to places sucks so bad right now.)
 so i just hadda say this
i hate when that happens!
you're so gay. I hate lonestar.
Ashley"
That question sucks. JB played hard & consistent; KM was hard and chaotic and brilliant. I think it's a straight up tie.
whats wrong with a monkey fuck? Lol i got my zippo fueled so no need of monkey fucks now lol
Frankly  I'm shocked that they use coal at all around here... HELLO!!! Hydro anyone? There's a fucking OCEAN right there!
yes sir. no hate to anybody but the cowboys...lol @djbigdaddy  you cool regardless of your team
canadians always make me think shut your fucking face uncle fucker!   http://kenny.smoovenet.com/grabpics/terrance.gif
ROFL!!!  The trick with my cake is  it doesn't taste fat free...but it is.  What more can a girl want? ;-D
in time for when I travel and the train company still refused to let me travel. The fucking wankers.
Ummm...was that our little brother's ass? And you dare judge me?
What a cunt!
if you don't know who i am  why follow me? get a fucking life and stop bitching about the past
Hate to say  but John's dad was a major OB/GYN (Yeah  nightmare for me ) and he holds out that there are no flu positives:)
Faggoty fag fag. Gay secks man blowjob. Settle down.
You did not come off as a bitch.  At least  you definitely weren't as bitchy as I thought I was being.  I've gotten upset now too
what happens when someone tells u gators suck ass lmao. U pull a gun or stab them to death???
 What&;s your favorite movie quote?
your humor in fine form 2day-i needed laughs! Like game show and "evry othr fucking min!" thx man!
you are such a whore LOL
lets just hope i dont kick any ass. im in a violent mood.
Christmas guinea pig! Hooray!
are you off bitch? I want BM it's my best friend! Damn it....hey don't forget FullMoon Getogether tonight
too right XD Gordon Brown can officially kiss my ass! Freak!
Ugh. That truly sucks :(
Oh I know. It doesn't hurt to have one of the richest woman in the world actually hate you. Elvis had the Memphis Mafia. Oprah...
your ass needs to be in NYC for that shit!
 because you&apos;re stupid.
Lucky me  no snow in Hazel Park at least not yet. 2 inches expected . Daily fat burning walk to the end of my driveway  again.
Been there way too many times...  I hate it for ya!
LOL! The out-of-town revelers are arriving early for NYE...Damn tourists
He was just being a dick in H CoT4  his attitude caused wipes  which made him a bigger dick. It was a vicious circle.
DAMN DAMN DAMN i cant see livesteez!!!!! :-(
  Cool byee
have a safe trip  planes freak me out :(
 Name your 2 favorite colors and why?
No  but "Listening to Deathcab for Cutie while missing Burning man staff party...etc" would have been way emo.
Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
  yes. and that movie is hilarious btw. :) i would not be living there first off.....hahaha but i would trick them somehow. tell them of a better place on a landfill reserve.
  Egypt :)
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
700. you glutinous bitch!
  Nursing :]
 how do you express your anger?
haha fuck i wish i was there :(
really? Thank fucking god for sleeping pills!
 Whats the stupidest thing you ever did with your cell phone?
-Steffy-"
  no haha =]
  no komment
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
Damn  I'm working @ home this aft or I'd drop by (my office is right near there). Don't suppose you'll be there again tomorrow?
Rooster is my bitch!
 What would you do if you found the wallet of your next-door neighbor who you hated?
So true I hate a dirty bathroom
Well  snuggles up in a most decidedly non-sexual kind of way. Hey  I don't want Jaye kicked my ass! Well.....  ;-)
 Do you know how much a peso would be worth in the United States today?
  lol ohkay hi
God damn. That's some stocking up.
I get that too! It sucks!
 Would you rather date a lot of different people  or be in a committed relationship?
  hi!!
hey...jus saw ur itinerary ....pretty busy schedule... will definitely cum out dere...werever in mumbai u cum...2 meet  ...
you're a nerd fail
So you were a geek and gay at a very young age ;)
They do smell good. The girlfriend's cats were all over them  they can't work out whether they love or hate them
 do you like shaun diviney?
Ok dis weak iz no good. Booked all morning wit srs naps  den runch wiff dat bitch miss muggles. Howes next week?
 (: Tabitha Jai Locascio (:
  Listen to music  feed my newwest fishy :] and cuddle with my boyfriend. Unless im not happy with him and then  I go hang with my family. They always make me happy hahhaha
Nuno Bettencourt ftw. Damn!
  umm money  money  money and short stack haha. =] and jimmy machan and beau taplin my obsessions atm lol =D
 yea you'll fuck around and get that ASS tapped tomorrow u keep talking reckless like you are doing
I just saw your message about kool-aid..I like to think my taste is pretty damn dope..And you can't get it down there? That's rough.
I hate wrapping  because I'm terrible at it. I always use gift bags. And you can use them again  so it environmentally correct.
god a free cure show! damn!  I didn't know about this & I live close! ugh lucky lucky how was it??
ouch  that sucks.
GOD. You HATE US  don't you  George?! ::runs away crying::
what an ass - who the hell says things like that. I'd report the fucker
 On a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if I were to rape you?
Thanks but we have one in a bag somewhere. I hate to take yours just in case you need it sometime. Thanks for thinking of us.
That's because Lithia sucks.
yeah it really sucks I need to manage my time better I guess or maybe I should party haha. Oh well. C'est la vie I guess.
  not really
Drupal sucks.
I hate that.  I want people to be healthy...but CLEARLY not when it's an inconvenience to me.
 What do you tell yourself when times get hard?
  ever since jordin albertsons like deleted her formspring or something  all the mean comments have stopped haha
  rollerblading  painting  doodling  formspringing  eating  planting flowers  smiling  taking pictures  reading  drawing  writing always. :]
cluster fuck indeed.
  12 lol
whats the operating system on it? i have windows vista and vista sucks bad..it is full of bugs still. shuts down and freezing alot
normally when i challange..it's more of a "Fuck you leave me alone" responce
oh well WTF lol add that to your list of "Stephen told me to watch"  it's fucking awesome  Will is amazing in it :)
  i like them all lol
  I think I would be a true friend. Now if your saying that my friend was in a relationship with another one of my friends that I knew were being screwed over? then that would be hard but the truth always comes out no matter what. and I dont believe its my place to do so. But as for them being what kind of friend. I just wouldn't trust them.
ud lyk it if they suxd ur dick.bt id kill them rit b4 i killed u.
ohhh duh! i think i knew that. think you've mentioned it before. my memory sucks. lol
Would it piss off Bill O'Reilly if I wished you a Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays?  I'm willing to give it a shot!
I'm jealous - I get all emo when I lack the season of all natures  sleep. :-)
You fucking rock =)
 :(
  It was a while ago but i said f on the phone when i was really upset and talking to my dad. i never cuss in front of my parents. so it was an ooopsie i guess haha
 Shouldn&;t the opposite of shut up be shut down?
  yeah good thing
take yo ass to bed....lol!
Watching the Biggest Loser. I'm amazed by weight gain or weight loss.These people are losing 5  10 20  30 lbs in one week.Amazing
if u get a stye is it from seeing a dog shitting or fucking?  And what do I do with my fingers?  Consult H if u need to.
- RR could also whup JT's ass.
 stop leaving stuff like &quot;fake&quot; on your own formsrping. dead give away dumbass. SUCK A CUNT
  used to don't anymore..
  hahaha i dont know it. i think i need to research some of the carrie underwood songs before i go lol
that sucks. We need to save $$ for the flight to the inauguration so we're only doing wings tonight
but @streko said i need to be more of a dick  so  here it goes: Stop tweeting so much! Gosh!! (ducks)
At least I didn't get the candles that I stole...stolen.  I lucked out. The case of Fat Boys was also popular this year.
Ah!!!! I hate loud auto-playing web video.   eeek!
DIDN'T GET A DAMN THING FROM MY CHRISTMAS LIST
well shit then I know I'll catch on ... who the fuck wouldn't be interested in what I have to say.. LOL!
  yew neva seen mi dik nd lol thankz
 piratee&;s or ninja&;s? Ahah
Man  it was that damn Youtube code!
did you get those pants from Molten Core? cuz that ass is epic! :D
yep ur an uber nerd now
Doh!  That sucks!
no not right now but im on a damn roll
YES ROCK BAND! Only it hasn't come yet  fucking postman. Totnes was brietastic.
dude that sucks man!
:-( it sucks running on no sleep :-(
http://twitpic.com/wlgq - Damn  brother.  You got a sweet hook up there.
immortal? invincible  privileged  all-powerful  above-da-law  I-am-da-law  da ends justify da means  I don't give a fuck I'm IT...
and prolific  and pretty damn smart about her career. although. those effing upgrade commercials suck rocks.
 are you only acting nice to people now because you have to stay at brock?
 Im going to spam anonymously k? You down?
I agree. They'll use whatever excuse is convenient to "trim the fat."
 aw ill ask something so u dont go crazy ^_^  ok um what do you want in life :P
As much as I hate to resort to the old sub-standard of inquiry....  orly?
you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
 so do you believe that &quot;What Goes Around ... Comes Back Around&quot;?
nigga I'm DYING over here reading this sweeney interview. "anybody that aint me is a bitch". CLASSIC
wow emo... Ik ben benieuwd...
paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
  im a lover not a fighter.
  iWill
 What was the craziest dream you ever had about?
  Not yet ;] Sure hope so here soon!! :D
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
 do you curse?
my leg sucks.. I can't frickin' walk and mom is screaming at me to go all the way fopr tution even though maam said ok .
  its good. i like how she incorporated her life in her newwest album. after her having a kid and all..
i forgot about the clothes haa. i cant wait to get my ass in2 my skinnys! :) i belive im also getting 2 pairs of pjs. scorreeee!! :L
jealousy makes me hate you now hahaha
You are Mary of the Frodo clan. You are gifted beyond all other fag hags. (and I use that term with much love!)
Fuck. Well  you can for a low cost of 19.99 with shipping and handling. But that's only if you really want to.
bitch you wish.
That was an *if* I just hate brushing knots in my hair.Id rather have it polished occassionallyby the airport shoe shine man
Me too! Jocko the ass clown! Miranda asked him for a monkey  and he refused to make it  gave her a butterfly instead. Total douche.
  noooooooooooooo you dont have a name
 Are you wearing the p<br>
 How do you feel when you have a hunch someone&;s not paying attention to what you have to say?
no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
Oh yes  we have a little snow as well. I love the snow but hate feeling cold.
fucking jp losman
did you just call me a bitch Grunny????..... ONYD!!!!!.... LOL
Fucking hell  I need to train!
l: Are you going to bed now  enough cock for one night?
#NAME?
  NO no no! I Love youuu moreee<333 ;D haha!!
// i hate you
THANK YOU! It's not just me. Gay guys are hot as hell.
Kurt you're on the most watched tv station in central Ohio  your ass should be #1 already LOL. I'm just cooler than you!
Prison Bitch is a sparkling addition to any resume.
 Omgee i get super shy when i get a brazilian wax... Do you girls get shy too if you get one or your like w.e? Guys: Do you like your girls waxed down there or it dont matter?
yeahhh&#8230; I hate milk. Plus I'm lactose intolerant
check it on your wii  whore.
 People actually remembering you mentioning male attention specifially; &quot;Six flags blah blah&quot; and what not is kind of creeeeepy! And I sense major jealousy. I guess boys don&;t flirt with them? Pathetic. --Sam
I don't think you'll find it on I-10 only on I-45. Hubby woke up and noticed that I haven't slept. Bah. Ambien sucks.
I hate "open" themes! lol  Dang I wish we had a camera club here....how hard would it be to start one I wonder???
 your not FUCKING pretty  stop hating on grace and all these pretty girls  your just jealous. omg
 y0 d!(k !$ l!K3 @ c0RND0q
  :)
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
 Favourite movie of all time?
thats why I hate megavideo.  I'll see if I can get someone to update the episodes with an offshore video hoster.
 Name everyone that made you smile this week
 Name a movie or movies you can watch over and over?
grab that... It's yours  bitch!
  me and scarletts
wErd... you pick out (2) kick ass hip hop songs and we'll doit yo~
 What was the last book you read?
 Why is there a disclaimer on the Allstate Auto Insurance commericals that says &quot;Not available in all states&quot;?
awe man that sucks... I mean that's awesome!!
I would have laughed so damn hard.
a recovering emo blogger...in the voice of andre 3000 "don't do it  reconsider  read some liter ature on the subject"
and kayleigh would NOT go to her damned room. i'm exhausted and she's fucking around.
  hmm..depended on how much and where i was at the time. but if it happened now and where im at in my life currently  I would buy a used car for my bf and then pay the rest of rent off for the year. hahaha
  Alone and in my sleep
seriously. so precious. I laugh every time i think of Nate rocking out to that shitty ass band.
  nahhh i just hang up
The nerd store? For nerds?
 you&apos;re not cool  suck my dick
 If you knew someone was going to die would you tell them?
arse for king! I get mine out all the time! Hey  I'm gonna be fat old n wrinkely one day! My god cider is not my friend! Or is it?
  Im doing good thankyuh!!!Heyyy hbu?!
you should start obsessing over him it might freak the delivery guy out.
could be that I'm not typing hard enough? happened a lot more when I first got this laptop about 3 weeks ago. Sucks ass
you bet your sweet ass you will!
Thanks Amel. Virtual twitt chocolate is actually very healthy with no fat & no calories. :P
damn that sucks!!!!!
what up stud! How's that poop on the floor loser? :P
you are one sick fuck my friend. I think I'm scarred for life.
by a str8 terms technically no penetration means you still have ur vcard but in gay terms she isn't a virgin. sex is sex
jealous! I will still hug u  lick ur face off  grab ur ass  and dry hump u a little bit when I c u.  Whatever!
 Do Chinese people get English sayings tattooed on their bodies?
I LOVE how that statement was misconstrued as GAY!!!!
I'm at a high school that I fucken hate. I can't stand these people  but my sister has a concert thing so I have to be here
Ugh  that frickin' sucks. :(
 Who do you like?
 Last gift you received?
http://twitpic.com/rt32 - omg :/ sucks to be u. hope u got some good tunes going makes it more delightful to sit through.
he hasnt scored 82 but he's taken a team to the finals damn near by himself
 Have you ever cheated during a game?
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
it is so not beneath me to shake my ass! No cameras tho plz
that's happened to me twice in the past 4 months. Pain in the ass. Much.
ack.. doncha hate when it happens like that tho.. Its been killing me here..
my top 5 movies right now are Banjamin Button  Harry Potter 6  Watchman  Star Trek (YES NERD) and Valkyrie  im excited:D lol
 What is your shoe size?
 for sure... I still need todays epi too..... But I hate what they're doing to Todd... They're completely ruinning him :(
yes  it's winter time and i'd hate for her ears to get cold out there on the ocean city boardwalk.
You know what pisses me off! That I cant fight a damn Russian or Euro ever! It takes freakin long to get a match started
I feel you bro I just hate the angus ill I love that southern chicken sandwich try it with mac sauce.
omg  really??? what is it? will it be okay? Antibiotics can help? OMG  it was from that damn Neti Pot spill the other day! LOL
girlfriend where the fuck did u find that photo! lmao!
I've been getting a lot of that Which sucks  cause I really need a job.I did get a random check from an old job for 100$ today though
  Hello(;
hate to say it but getting very close to relegation zone!
 Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
Michael? Rant? NEVAH!!!! Srsly  that sucks...
 Did you ever play duck duck goose as a child?
Smack a bitch? :-D
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
Convinced a football player to change his view from "Frisbee's a pussy sport" to "I want to join this team!" with sombreros
  don't have one
 Something that happened today that made you angry?
  But I know who you likee(:
2008 is over? Damn  what'd I miss! I quit keeping track of years after 'Buffy' went of the air...
that sucks that you're sick. Sorry to hear that.
and the caps sound like a wild ass demand.
Yea it sucks!!
Joanne Angel? You know how much I hate you right now :p &lt;3 XXXorcist
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
  yes.
 whare do you live? which countr i mean lol ^_^
It was a great fucking song thougu
  Not too much
It's not weird you hate that. Me  too but sometiimes the list gets a little unwieldy.
ctrl + tab is still ok. i just hate the right click refresh OCD many support guys have. even some members in my team! :(:(
*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
 Are you a happy person?
 RT this then GO fuck yourself stay the FUCL out of lives and HOPEFULLY you'll die a Horrendous DEATH for all to WATCH 
Ohh I feel for you  I would hate to go until mid June. We get out the 3rd week in May.
 If you were given $100  would you spend it  or save it?
I see the theory  but I have decided to have a pizza and fuck off  which is easier.
i hate you
It may even suck ass.
  JUSTIN BIEBER's Bday parrtayy! haha
Eat twat   you twitter whore.
http://twitpic.com/y2yl - That. Fucking. Rules.
Ugh! I hate when I get spam followers... They shouldn't count against our talley of actual followers... :-p
get them all out of the dome ....NOW damn it...
all that I know of is the Revenge vinyl. u? and sorry for delayed answer  my internet sucks and trips out
 Best thing that happened to you this summer? :]
  hi:) how are u haha.
  scorpion as long as i wouldnt die
@KillaHills "Diva's" don't dance all they do is bitch......lol. Now that was wrong and funny all in one.
dat bitch left u lol
I hate that
ugh  fuck the chargers!
i hate pret
I am taking you up on those cuddles!  I should head to bed.  I am watching B. Urie pound the fuck out of a drumset  though.
that sucks I hope u can get out of it...where did u apply to?
ditto bitch!
your mom/dad hate my monroe :(!!!!
 its not a big deal
Mijn punt was. jouw unison (veel geld) = ad (met potentieel viraal effect). Edgy freak success = viral.
fuck you  change your name. Do you know who I am? (yeah  neither does my mom.)
ditto bitch!
I hope that's not porn  coz if it is then damn is it weird shit you like to read...
 If you could change one thing in the world  what would it be?
i mean damn don can you get back to ya own brother?!?!?
  I can be both at times. I usually talk to no end. But theres always a time and a place to be social or to jjust be quite.
  Not really that i can think of.
mobb deep fucking owns
yup  those are kick ass.  great job.
depends what your after? sirloin or the butchers favourite rib eye which are also economical but have a bit more fat ;-)
Yes you are a loser... I could have told you that a long time ago...
I am in Salem  grew up in portland and HATE the seahawks... i cheer for them if it makes others happy and i don't like their opponent:)
- and occasionally "grape fruits" or my personal fave:  "stupid ass huge"
@angelzilla Honestly  it's not enough to make me stop listening at this point. It would take a lot more to piss me off that much.
oh man....that sounds damn good! now im hungry. damn you!
That would be called "Fuzzy Math" and "Fat Pockets".
"loser"?
try finding a place open to get an Italian beef and it's my birthday! This sucks ass
yo fuck that dude 4 realz!!! it was allz cuz u  me   "animal" & "marc delicious" were so stupid-ass-rodimus prime fantabibulous!
  An eagle definantly.
  I am the master at skippping rocks!
 damn yew just hurt my feelingss
cuz montana sucks?
damn  that sucks for youuuuu
I saw that. what's his name! In so far as the fat bastard - what?!
I'll have to work on that one.  Ass clown is a solid contender.
  nope
Yah  after more tries than I want to cop to. Damn static in my place is making the laptop jump all over the fookin' place. AUGH!!
Oh..that sucks..It seems like xmas is passing faster this year then last year!
yeah she pretty cool but she got moments where i be like ehhhh idk! now id fuck but the ass lick wud depend on the nite
lookit the ass on that.  How was it off the line?
Daft Punk fucking rocks
Well I hate your phone. BAM!
 Do you really care what people think about you? If so  why?
unemployment sucks in NJ. In Pa  they lookat you your highest quarter and pay you per week what you got in that qtr
HOLY FUCK! GIRL YOU CANT DO STUFF LIKE THAT!
  toilet paper.
piggy-chain is a keychain in the shape of a pig In which you push a button @ it turns into a flashlight.
Amen.  Thrilled to see Brad Sucks on Rock Band 2. Congrats man  I hope you get some of those 80 MS Points. @bradsucks FTW!
Fuck it! You'll do it live!
rock out with ur cock out dude!!!
 worst place to eat at?
 like how many photos do you have on fb?
 Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
 you just shamed my people tabi.. you like making black rappers feel bad huh? makes you feel powerful? still you rock
 your boyfriend/girlfriend just left you for someone else do you go kelly clarkson on &;em and mess up their apartment or just let it go?
yeah tneezy gonna hate it... @tneezy sorry boo u 1 day late!
TELL IT TO STOP BEING SUCH A DICK!
I actually piss ace of spade so its not that bad
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
Just the movie.  @nallyo @parsonsn @umtrey Not emo  I just wanted to see what the fuss was about.
  Show your face.
 Does it bother you that travesti immitate your favorite singers?
yeah..very!  I haven't done anything last night bcoz of that! I hate challenges...cant sleep if I turn one down.
I have all th nerd at home and I'm a smart ass too. So I answered you
damn  I missed it.
I hate waiting for them to pick up...in London you can order via txt with geolocationing on your iPhone too
lawl @ fat bitchez.
So you are right... reciprocity is a bitch (Just not in the way that Lauren Hill meant it)
  never been on a plane :(
LMFAO Thanks for the follow  yo! I FUCKING LOVE YOUR TWITTER NAME  ITS LIKE MAH MANTRA N SHIIIIIT! LOLZ
  brown
i hate school. @SonoranDragon will do.
haha I always say that! Girl or not  I too can rock out with my cock out! Hah
  Disco time babyyyy hahahah :P
bitch better save me one!
yeah  it sucks :(
Make It Rain (remix) - Fat Joe ft. Lil' Wayne  R. Kelly  Baby  T.I.  (some rapper I never heard of)  and Rick Ross #rainsongs
You've got 5" of snow?  Damn.  I'm jealous.
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
I never really thought about it  but I nearly always eat a big-ass plate of spaghetti and watch Goodfellas on Christmas eve
Fuck that  boo the DJs who don't play Che..Dude has at least 5 songs every DJ should be playin HEAVILY...DJs need to stop slackin.
i didn't laugh  fag.
  hahahahahahah lmao  i am straight. i think its funny to act like a lezbian thankyouverymuch. your acting like mrs.dallor.
 Do you have a tan?
I hate you.
oh damn! anyways next time...DM me ur number or soemthing
 pikturess love! ahah yuh dont tell mii nuthinqq no moree ahha I FAWKINQQ MISS YUHH!<3(:
damn i missed the cupcakes!
I liked all of the anti-gay ads. There were three or four  I think. I read it when I got up (read: about an hour ago) :D
i think the FCC should mandate TV stations broadcast the "Fail Whale"  image on the old  analog signals.
you're going to be at Genentech tomorrow? Damn  I work there but I'm going to be at the Westin for an offsite!
Or the person who asked me who I had to fuck to become a FetLife greeter. LOL!
Hmmmmm I havent gotten a whale in awhile maybe that will come soon....Maybe it's the SNOW!!!!!!!! NOOOOOOO!!!!
  not often. i dont download much at all
 ohh look the girl who fakes herself....
  neck
That depends on if you are dealing with a pain slut or not.
fuck isnt filtered is it?
That's what I mean. I too am a NIGHT person  hate doing mornings. Early morning meetings must be 11AM or later LOL.
aww that sucks :/
  its the day of exceptions where we can look like idiots also :p
LMAO!! Hot sauce indeed!  but sheeeeit. you can take a picture of @shaydechelle wrapped in ME! fuck the dumb lol
  no. i think its pretty lame and would be annoyed if it happened to me
*gasp* I may have to terminate our intarwebz friendship because you hate Anne. *cries* ;)
Does he have favorite characters? I'd hate to get him the guy he hates :)
Hey  don't hate on NC.  They got bought out by PNC and alot of people are losing their jobs.  Cleveland has a sad face...
  idk haha
you fart like a fucking bass drum lol
There are two types of people in the world: those using "lol" ironically  and those that are fucking twats who deserve to die.
  Well  maybe it's in California  but the Gay community here is peeeeisssssssst.   It's going to be a big problem for O.
hmm so thats suk your soul hate and reinvent you to get my dry cleaning hate?
Heores Season 2 sucked! Full of emo shit!
 Fkkin Bicthes Needa Get A Life Hatinqq Because You Got Boobies And They Dont JEALOUS HOES! (: Your Amazin Sister  !(: I Love Yopu <3 FKK HATERS :DD
  No
 Bright room or dark room?
*throws all 52 dollars in my pocket at you* Let me hit the MAC. Ill be RIGHT back. Hold that pose *forgets pin number* FUCK!
damn how much did we end up with on the ground?
brings a tear to my eye.... work it J Fat.
  because myspace is dead and FB is overrated. :) plus to expand my brain powers
well find him and kick his butt too! I hate it when people take advantage of the mentally challenged.
 If you could have been the author of any book  what would it have been?
  hahahahahhaha ikr. :) but D: im not even talking to him hahahahahaahahahaha
lol :-) I just hate that designers alwaysthink THEY know best and likewise other people are clueless. It's insulting
Son i just got finished watchin Big Mommas House...WOW!!! She damn sure can...and she a MILF so thats a bonus
 Wait. Are you Cheyenne? I sent a request to you? Wait  why is your name Tabitha?? R u fake????
  vacations.
smart ass - here http://thetyser.com/
U would be a beast if u could get from the CO to GA by what  11pm? Damn...lol!!!!
Oh  Hannah  I am so  so sorry for your loss. I've done the deathbed vigil and it sucks. I hope your pain eases with time. Love
Put some damn clothes on man.
 would you still consider your self as a true friend if you don&;t tell anyone but you allow your friend to do it? what&;s your opinion with that kind of a friend?
cum cloape??
  ummm no its anonymous..................haha
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
I miss being here...wish they had corporations here instead of a damn AQUARIUM! I miss Jimmies hotdogs...that dog food be JUMPIN! LOL
  when there is none left :P
Oh I hate that. What's worse is that people don't say who they are on the phone and they keep talking to you. And I'm like  who?
  No.
Being on fire is "safe"? I'd hate to see what you consider peril!
yeah..what is it that u called me? "ass clown" LMAO..i was like uhhhh welllll then hahahaah
Just had a big ass waffle breakfast and am catching up on games from 08
 what do you think could cause you to explode?
 Your bommm!!!!!!!!!!!!
Time's running out for them.  The Cboys will pull it off.  Looks damn cold.
#NAME?
That sucks.
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
twitter's bugging like shit. my tweets stay on top while your guy's updates underneath. this shit is gay.
 damnit  then im out  my bad for asking :)
 What&;s your favorite way of making people smile?
 What are 3 things that you consider humanely impossible and NEVER being exploited successfully?  Or is anything possible? Explain.
nigga fuck put a Lil gin in it a drink dat shit son fuck 08
hahaha  damn right!!
Damn you're cool
Hamlet? Damn. Now I can't go and watch it - uv spoilt it for me.
ugh.I've been up all night. Dh snored tossed all night.ur on vacay  y up so damn early?!
Damn iPhone  I meant wine and cheese
stop saying you hate gwen! Youposted earlier saying you love her! Ur hot then ur cold ur yes then ur nooooo
What the /fuck/? XD
alright. The test is on Monday and I'm gonna be studying my ass off.
  timothy. and my fishy Arnold. :) I named him Arnold after the tv show hey! arnold. Have you seen that movie?haha
 Have you ever locked yourself out of a car?
  lol i knew wat u were talking about i say that to anyone that ask lol and no =]
re Twilight  I've not read it  but my coworker says it's brill cuz it's sexy w/o  any sex. She also said the writing sucks..
  Haha Sureee
Don't you just hate suspended people? They should be good.
Nerd.
Kick ass!
30in is only cool when referencing an Apple cinema display &lt;/nerd&gt;
  Myself Bubbly Funny?
I hate Sunday nights becoz the next morning brings the budget meeting. Bleh...
  What?
omg omg omg I am SO happy to see you on here! We're gonna have some fucking kickass fun. Fasten your seatbelt pussycat.
seriously. We're fucking SOFT in this country. The French wouldn't put up with this shit.
That really really sucks. I can't believe they do that to you. I mean  you SHOULD get those games in particular. Crazy.
  not yet only my car
  haha thanks. I hear that a bit.
Yes  they do. And those vehicles cost a small fortune in gas  are a *bitch* to park in Manhattan and not a tenth as much fun. :)
DAMN tootin'? Seriously? I've heard DARN tootin' and even DERN tootin'  but not DAMN tootin'! you kicked it up a notch.
yesssssssssssssss...its funny cause i hate the weather...but im gettin ready to move back to michigan on tuesday where its worse HA!
damn..dat is scary..im movin on da southside..how s it ova there? idk im leavin my lil good life here..disz crazii..*tearsz*
  queensland.
Ohhhh  jeez. That sucks... I hope she gets well!
  idk lol
Thanks for getting me up off my ass to rock out.
Damn  CARRIE  of course.
 you'll get through it and win in the end. FUCK THAT SHIT IN THE FACE (as ange sez)!
  OKay. Hope everything goes okay! :)
man it sucks dont it.On the plane home yesterday i was in agony with the cabin pressure.My ears still are not right now :(
i'm like kyu 5000k  just a beginner.  I just posted one of my ass beatings on my thomasott.net blog
Well  if he's a pussy  he surely isn't that man of "substance" your looking for lol...Don't settle when you know you want more.
early aftenoon- 2 pm - off to the market for fresh fruit then stops along the shore for whale watching and caching on way back
 How do you pass time while traveling in the car for a long amount of time?
 yay ur divorce!
let's be gay together!
HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! &lt;3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
  nopeee ;D
Damn  that sounds good...
Lucky? I'm gonna be working my ass off!
 What was your favorite book as a child?
 Leave Texas bitch!! No one here wants you!! Quit hating on Texas and Brock  we were perfectly fine without you BITCH! ... sooo LEAVE!
 What was the worst place you&;ve traveled to?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA (eww now thats fucking gross!) HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAAH
now who's the fucking hipster?As if you not dig Kanye! @dianor heyyy how you doin' @noarmsjames the man has great beats+lyrics
I hate chocolate covered cherries  I'm sure thats at 5 or 10lbs.. lol
that's what I was JUST tellin' myself !! Hahaha I said "Fuck it Kel  just DO IT and get it DONE !!" But I complain the whole way
yea! i wonder what that's all about. i'd hate it if AGAIN the highlight of the epi IS the preview  we never get much more than that
 Do you have a T.V. in your bedroom?
 your mad ugly. true talk.
:-( Yucky needles. I hate those ones with a special sort of passion! *hugs* Hope it's over soon with the needles.
Happy birthday you damn sexy hobo!
 Then report Cheyenne if your the real deal!!!! Vvv btw your cute jbatman (;
Damn  it will probably take longer than that. I'll check when I'm at the post office.
 whats the wierdest color you&;d ever dye your hair?
Well  I would  but once Christmas is over  it kinda sucks the life outta the Santa hat thing...
I slept horribly. Kepted waking up every hour. Kept tossing and turning. Argh I hate having to work today! Time for cardio!
Would it piss off Bill O'Reilly if I wished you a Merry Xmas and Happy Holidays?  I'm willing to give it a shot!
  Of course. X marks the spot!!!!! Arrrg im soo ready :]
 If the whole world were listening  what would you say?
thanks Steph about the Carters  I don't frequent there too much  I hate their sizing charts.  I love "Childrens Place" though
you ass. Yay Walmart!
Coat Rack Contest in the Fab Lab. I hate winter  but this would help channel emotions into something constructive.
 I dreamt that those hugerobots from the car ads were out to kill me  i escaped from a palace in a revolution with an emo king &amp; queen and khia was there too LMAO so i ran away &amp; got to my old area and my fam were having dinner...
 LMFAO!  If you haven&;t seen this  you totally need to.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkjyZHZhokM&amp;feature=popular
not to piss u off  but I got a cut yesterday.
att is run by the devil  i hate them
i know fuck them
Maybe you should get your dick out of your ear next time I'm explaining them to you!!
Yes. Definitely that's the worst part. Or the fact that I'm actually a person who thinks today's version of hip hop sucks.
 Why did you fake yourself? That&;s lameeee you know there is like a lot of hate groups on myspace of you?
  its all in your head. soo i'll say  LOVE.
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
I nominate @yiyinglu for a Shorty Award in #design because...he designed the fail whale :-)
 Jarrod is god.
I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
oh  damn...
Townhouse is four years old. No cable lines. No high speed internet via phone or cable. Sucks. Wireless internet via digis.
 An angel appears out of Heaven and offers you a lifetime supply of the alcoholic beverage of your choice. &quot;Be brand-specific&quot; it says. Man! What are you gonna say about that? Even if you don&apos;t drink booze there&apos;s something you can figure out... so what&apos;s
you're assuming they can presently afford them?  leverage is a bitch.
http://tinyurl.com/6dunlq  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
I hate to keep sending this link.. but you never got back at me.... Whats good.. http://tinyurl.com/6xmnyr
 What is one thing you honestly could not live without?
just say "were you the one that grabbed my ass at the sing along?"
  fuck no! i live with a used-to-be sheriff  im careful with the law outside of my home :D
  when timmy gets home :)
 If you could make one person fall in love with you who would it be?
that's it  I'm spending new years in LA next year  fuck NY  er jersey
don't forget taco lol I got a damn TacoBot followin me lol..let's see chocolate  xbox  wii  psp  dunkin donuts  geek lolol
Fuck that! I feel awful for you  having to wait out there!
whats the operating system on it? i have windows vista and vista sucks bad..it is full of bugs still. shuts down and freezing alot
oh yeah! Radios powered by pork fat!
  yes.
That kid sounds like such an ass and so full of himself!
Your MIL is a brave woman.  I hate that place. I'm glad my boys are getting too old for it now. *shudders*
I got fuck all for Christmas babe. How about you?
Damn didnt even see that lol  : /
i forgot 2 call in gay 2day too! blast!
  Not really. I wanna go back to gatliburg..i gotta necklace from one of the gem places up in the mountians and the head on the necklace broke. so i wanna get it fixed. :] haha but other than that. the beach would be nice but were tyring to get a house around here so idk if money will work.
epic fail meaning it sucks? Hopefully
  I had to listen to my parents. Not listening wasn't an option but once I got older and moved out now i take their advice with a grain of salt and do what i want :)
wow  that's even worse than the blue screen of death from driver conflicts. I've been there too  though. It sucks.
i feel fucking great get me another drink
Fuck yeah. I noticed that too.
as much as I hate it  I can write faster by spelling wrong on the iphone :) (I was scared I'd misspelled this tweet haha)
hey- finally managed to book the damn tickets online- took me over an hour!!! PVR sucks.
  kk
i hate the fact that you are addicted to twitter. but anyways  lets pop imaginary prozac pills together and enjoy the holidays.
 Do you know April?
i am so with you on that one. i hate hunting season also
"Well Ho-Ho-Whore!" "Gasp!" Classic.
 can you come to my party tonightt ??
http://twitpic.com/vhtp - LOOOOOOL HATE!!!!!!
What did you do to piss off the flash drive?
 Y0 D!(K W0obbl3 !n y0ur p@n+$ ?
No didn't hear about Palin's church. I actually turned news off 4awhile lol It's bad thing but when spreading hate it returns
 When&;s the last time you&;ve been sledding?
Yo my internet is working again! damn you never know what you had til its gone...
damn. Dude look like he was gonna be alright?
  i used to think that but not anymore.
too right XD Gordon Brown can officially kiss my ass! Freak!
 Depends. Will you sit there and hate yourself? ;) Would you be able to do a half day?
 Are minors allowed to drink in your state?
   Santa is Italian.  It's a fact  (the pasta made him fat like me)
  yes
  haha good me eitherrrrrr.
and @rapperbigpooh. Was that Sheila easton? Nah...it was that chick that used to fuck with Prince right?
whale wars?? sounds epic.
no! I think UofA's navy jerseys on white pants rule.  And all red sucks. But seeing BYUs colors  I guess all red makes sense.
  no
this is why I like you man...Quick thinker. Come to think of it.. I haven't seen a pic of  mrs.Teacher at all.Damn thumbnail avs
Wow! That sucks.
The dam @chilis? Is this like the pig under your tree? Have you cracked open the chard already?
 ....you gone wind up fucking her (is that what u wanna do  shawty)
 Here&;s an idea  how about stop trying o get hook up with Tabitha and actually find someone who can suck you 3inches dick  hahaha doubt that will ever happen. No girl likes a pevert and a douche(:
um  coz you're awesome? and on another note...yo gabba gabba is fucking disturbing
I want beach now. Damn.
  My bestest.
violent ass...
pussy!? :)
Look on the bright side  at least you're internet relevant enough for someone you don't know in real life to hate.
I'ma dumb fuck sometimes....lol.....oh....i knew the memory thing....but i thought the mice was a myth... .........
LIKE HOW U SAY WHAT THE FUCK AND CLEAN IT UP WITH HECK LOL
It could be pig's lips from a garbage bag! Perk up  buttercup!
thanks  the nerd in me is overjoyed
  yah she does
Hi! Yea  Hate rolling out in it  but gotta do the do. You doing alright?
ok  I had to say cock-blocked cuz  you know  it's a rooster. But apparently favrd doesn't like me
  yes. love it
No....Always been happy....never quite gay...
 you look like sean kingston.
Two named lightsabers. Nerd much? :D (Sounds fun!)
yey for drunkenness! fuck drunk dialing or drunk texting! its all about the drunk tweeting!
hate to bring bad news  but if your VW won't jump  chances are the belt or alternator is shot. For your sake  I hope it's the belt.
YOU STUPID WHORE I HOPE YOU ARE IN YOUR HOUSE WHEN I BURN DOWN YOUR HOUSE YOU STUPID WHORE WHY WOULDN'T YOU GO TO PROM WITH ME
HELL NAH!!!! Not the ass hole?!?! LMFAO!!!!!
don't worry  karma is a one mean ass bitch. They'll get what's coming to them...
http://twitpic.com/t17d - FUCK YES!!! why so serious!! so fucking epic
Son. Of. A. Bitch. :-p
I recommend Pase Rock and Fat Jon (new album out!). Okay okay so what if you already knew all this!
  Yes I have actually.
  ummmm jack screw you  not my fault people get mad about a stupid state. and also its a inside joke so every one is lame.
It just sucks that so many use it as a crutch.
I hate the Stonetalon Mtns. Stranglethorn I enjoyed last time I played there.
  Sunset :]
I hate that  just finished round 4 of rough revisions for a client... can't they just be clear and concise at the get go?
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
  GOD.
pig(s) !!! Wow - always thought you had plenty of space  but how many did you eat ?
  yeah. my boo just did but only cause ive been laying around like a hermet crab sick as a dog for the last couple weeks.
hmmm...I had a feeling bout u! but Damn No Label?? wow
just this guy in my year who decided he hates me because i'm a "tryhard poser" when hes never had a proper conversation with me
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like @andymn to me
  Hahaha ohhhhh  hi :))
  Sunshine. Lots of food and hanging with my boyfriend and family :]r Awesomeness.
That sucks - at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
  Formspring. itunes. and fb :]
yes please! I'd kill for a Guinness at work right now  don't make me kill a bitch!
  umm idk. i try not to cry in front of people but that sometimes doesnt work
fuck the world? Or for the win
  Nope ;/ Bhut Not Having a BF doesnt mean The WORLD ends;] I guess im waiting 4 the 1  ya kno? Hbu mamas?!
 Howu2019s your mood today?
 Do you think we will always find a reason to go to war?
 What&;s your number then?
beast my pussy  bitch. LMAO...that's creepy.
That was fucking hilarious... WIN
 Do you recycle?
  not too often unless im in the car
ah shit that sucks!
Fuck yes I do!
  not too much. we're okay! :) hahaha How are you? I missed talking to you actually.
  eating oranges!!!!r CASSIE I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  :)
Yea that is some BS! I HATE MESS LIKE THAT!
VTU  SUCKS &gt;.&lt;
ha ha... there are times I just think I should be kicking my own ass... although there could be some advantages to being there?
 Do bald people get Dandruff?
I hate that place too cept the shark tank
i hate pret
  Uhm. Fun  Funny  Athletic  Outgoing  Creative  And awesome! (: Duhh lol
says coffee is bad idea cause it makes you look cheap...  I say fuck that.. COFFEE NOW.. hehe.. and see what happens later.
 how often do you go to spa?
bahahaha i love you. and ugh i wish i was on my way to va with @heyheatherr fuck the weatherr.
Hey! Remember me? Lizzy from the David Cook forums. How've you been? (I'm guessing pretty damn awesome right now... =P)
 when was the last time you cried so hard?
No. Being "down" 5lbs is a bad thing when you're a scrawny nerd who's trying to bulk up. :)
Awesome...Love it or Hate it...An Atmospher of Change...is HERE
  horrible.
Chocolate graham crackers with a scoop of fat-free cool whip! 1 WW point!
pretty damn good!
  Ive only been flipped off once in my entire life and it was when I first started driving. Some guy cut me off coming onto a highway from a ramp..So i flipped my lights to let him know i was there because I had to slam on my brakes. And he flipped me off. r It hurt my feelings and throw a fit anytime im with someone with road rage that flips someone else off. I make them feel bad about why it was even necessary in the first place....hahaha
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
 Who is your idol?
i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
I WANT TO...but i will be in vegas....FUCK lol...i wanna go see the wrestler...its in SB i assume? gimme the details
I'm in Ewston babe. Sorry to hear about your job. That sucks  esp. before the holidays.
you can fuck right off about that hoodie thieving comment
 funny you said you don&;t have many friends.. I think you&;d make a good friend ;]
Totally.  The ass end of my Jeep is not  but no life forms were impacted.
i concur cold sucks  but it rains too much in the tropics  there's no real win-win
  Lol thank you dinaaa(:
Ha. i can imagine people stopping! EW and my guinea-pig just pissed on me  goddamn him. Stupid obese git!
yeah i just don't wanna do blackberry but they may wrestle me into it just because they r kind of the best. i hate 2 admit it.
Man!  I hate when that happens!  My kids' toys are "Adult Proof"!
yes. sacto cali- driving back to palo alto later tonite. eventually i'll get off my ass n shoot.
You're such a nerd. lol
  Lol about Chris
disappointed to find "nice ass" pic has been removed. appeased by hot fire breathing girls! :)
  What are you talking about? Haha
lmao damn! thats all I can muster...
tell her I will wrestlher and loser gets to clean my office
aw dammit  I meant to call @graemem a lame-duck Scotsman. Thanks for fixing my lame-ass miss of a joke!
Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
that still kinda sucks.
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
 who is the top 10 prettyest people you know?
 If you ran the world...what would it be like?
(Fat lot of good my Medieval History degree is doing me these days.)"
LMAO!! I aint gonna front  shit did look kinda moist! Ol Duncan Hines Ass!!! LOL!!
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
lol the fuck what concert was that
i'm glad someone is teaching that 3-year-old how to "slap dat ass" :)
  Awhh i love ur earrings!
*giggles and cuddles* Its some kids show...that is disturbing as FUCK.
 If everyone got what they wished for do you think the Earth would be a better or worse place?
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
  huh??
yeah they should they sold fast as fuck down here. i woke up late I was worried. I dig how the 11's look on girls
how did you meet dad BITCH!
Damn! Wish I was there!
they waiting for an Xbox or something? damn lol
  yeahhh me to  except i guess if they were i dont think they would be under my name or whatever  so idk how we would find them
hell yeah fucking losers lol
Guess your 'bad ass' networking issues has Gears 2 sinking fast. Take a time out from the pushups and fix that shit!
but you gotta love Gertrude the Groupie and Rolland the Roadie and Who the Fuck is ALice? unless you Got High and You Missed It!
ahh damn if u r in dublin look out the sunset is gorgeous
  I know the haters are the motivators(: hahaa i love you too<3
 Is there one person that can always make you smile?
  dont watch talk shows.
  i know  right? ;))
I hate those fucking hash tags.
LMAO! @ ur new pet...I thought u sent me a pic of a big ass butterfly...lol!
We've maybe had 1" total here across 3-4 different "snows" My first time with snow tires ever and I can't have any damn fun!
Now THAT's an adventure that I will pass on. Oh damn  I do have to take a present back. NO!!
o.  Well then.  Fuck santa.
I nominate @PhillyD for a Shorty Award in #entertainment because he's emo.
 Have you seen Titanic?
gav that just sucks! - u ok? i think the brakes would be best to stay on for now!!
 ugly.
dude  that pic of you in the Gold 2009 flyer looks like a friggen glamour shot  fag. hearts!
I can share my gay boyfriend. He just left. Its 1 in the morning. You totally coulda had him from 9 to 1! Ill keep first shift
my job has made me feel like a tool so i am trying to change how i consume things. fucking cvs.
 What is the craziest thing you have seen lately?
 What would be worse; Finding out there is life in space or finding out that there isn&;t?
  hahahaha okay good i was like D: ahhh
booooooo! i have some hot- ass mushroom stock if you wanna come get it after work
Semi around  cant promise you much action but if you post I'll reply best as I can. Sorry babe I know tonight sucks for ya
Ugh  I really really really hate NBC sometimes.
 Anything your parents should know about?:
damn savitto you was doing the mostest you alright?
so  when he laughs & comes down the chimney  does he say  "Whore! Whore! Whore!" and shake like a bowl full of jelly???
Oh  that sucks. Why I blew off my own appointment yesterday. I just couldn't face the wait.
My sis made me think @ your "Femmes & Fags" blog..she is a total boi but so extra that you would think she was a fag. lol
easy! keyshia sucks. It's pathetic when an actor makes a better album in his 3rd profession (act  stand up) than you do in your first
FUCK YEA! THX! Id like to thank all my influences from my grandma (rip) to Sam L.  id also like to thank myself for being great!
  thank you! oooooohhh hot brownies right out of the oven :D
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
 What&apos;s a saying you say a lot?
eeeeew  I wanna cum ;)
as much as i hate auto-DM's  i also check out links if they're music related.
I hate 2 sound like a nigga but...will there be food? Lol
don't you hate that?  Though I have so much product to make by the weekend I wish it was Tuesday.
I hate Juno. That movie blows!
  Michael Jackson! haha wait wrong one  Michael Jordon i meant ahah
  my good friends
do you get one if someone sticks their boot up your ass?
  I think there are always reasons. of course ;]
YOUR INSANE BABBLE  HAVE YOU LOST YO DAMN MIND?
dammit ima have that shit in my head again lololast night it was stuck for a few damn hrs lol
I survived mass layoffs for the last 7 years. For the last 3 years we've been told we're muscle  not fat.
Fuck a serato record  I was worried about my windows crackin..lol..I can live w/o a serato record  I don't have a backup window.
I wanna bring home perishables though and fuck paying for a Taxi.
I fucking hate Rachel Ray.
I nominate @PRsarahevans for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because... Shes damn good at everything to do with Social Media.
  huh?
damn!! *goes off to call God*
 Who are your Twitter besties?
sucks  don't it?
  grippos :) they are the bomb diggiety.
in the lab...all damn day  i had soooo much work to do:(
Yeah  @jacklayton's one looks really good! @pmharper still looks like a tool with a slut.
  oh most definantly
  People keep talking about me on your page :/
holy shit Ninel sighting that stiff bitch is kicking ass covering for a broken windmill blade
kiss my Midwestern ass!! Go back to the great lake region
depends on how much you hate fighting w/your light. I read in the car a lot while hub drives  so very worth it to me.
but they love me for it. none of them giggle. its a love/hate thing they got goin with me =)
fucking ayeeeeee
HILLA! LOL Its late.. Fingers to fat for buttons..
very sad to sell yourself but its something she has to live with not me. I'm just glad I found out!  Damn recession!
 Is it true you kissed that ugly Cody kid!?!
on Reservoir...they were walkin...u kno my loud ass was like "ommmgg hiiii"...haahaa
damn the end of an era huh? my favorite studio is moving. Gotta have one more classic session before the move
that sucks  how many dogs? ...2?
well now I have to edit myself and you know how I hate that!
RODNEY ON PAGE 1! However  covered up by Lost. FAIL SCI-FI! FAIL WHALE.
He's totally neutralizing all my Twilight horniness. Dumb-ass.
o so the rumors are true i am OBESE! yea fat!
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:
 I think your gay sorry.
  samanthaaaaaaaaaa
@alwaysgayalways You both need to watch/rewatch it. But more to sate your nerd jones than your gay-wadishness.
erk. U poor sod. Is Rod Serling nearby smoking a fag?
I srsly hate you for getting that stuck in my head. :)
ate not hate.. lol
  Confusing.
well  fortunately for the gay people. and too bad for the prop8 nazis  after the fact is spelled out in latin: ex post facto.
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
 I hope all of you have a good day. I need to go clean house. My stepdad is coming here from Arkansas with his fiance. (My mom and him divorced 3 yrs back) And they are going to stay a few days. So to everyone  I hope you have a great day. And I will quest
I wonder if can write "Kevin Rudd Is A Cunt" for the next 30?
 me too!!! I also hate closing then opening then closing shifts that gets me all out of wack.
Freak.
  umm dont start school yet lol
 Tell me about something you&apos;ve achieved?
 What will make you nervous faster than anything?
So do so. Though I recommend opting out gradually over several years - relatives freak out less then.
yea dani thats kind of gay sorry to tel u lol
Wow u in love wit her? U gay 4 her?
i hate it when that happens... i exposed 2 36-exposure undeveloped rolls before argh!
  Aha love you too<3
  nope tabitha jai locascio idk who she is but she is a fake. :/ i use to live in idaho but i moved to texas
Really! Its price is tempting  but its network coverage sucks.&#58372;
Jebus is he 2 already??? Fuck I feel old
I hate you sometimes. lol
 Favorite video game?
  i would answer that but im not so sure of who that is ?
 What do you like to do on hot days?
It was such a great time for real music  great fashion & hair. Do u remember the word "Poser?"
damn I missing the leak! At a bar enjoying this ice storm.....an iphone work perfectly
fuck em then! heh
  I know how to change a tire  change my oil  what most parts of the car and motor is. I can put all liquids in my motor :] and I soo have my own jumpers haha
This bad gay works for a company that likes to write people up for sneezing.
today feels like sunday.....damn lol
omfgshz. i hate lemonbars with a DEEP passion  too!
emo-hair+hip hop-fitted hat
 Would you rather be rich or famous?
lays the smack down. Must-read article to get your ass in gear: http://tr.im/1xh8
Ha. No whale tail. Newer turbo.
  okay :o
okay. Fuck me. Way to start the new year.
 Have you broken any bones?  If so  how?
  I love cheese cubes.
uh bitch wtf is that suppose to mean?
your gonna get so fat before school starts
like what the fuck is this! Then two months later it's everyones cut!
 heey. how many other formsprings do u have? like 50? damn. get a life.
 ahahahaha yer needd yaa phonee<3&; ahah &quot;&quot; and our parents were like owww yhu stratched me.!&quot;
God damn. That's some stocking up.
awww damn yeah....that really sucks!
WP.com? Cuz that'll get you deleted. And Google's reviewing the way they rank blogs  for this very reason. They HATE it.
Damn  you mean I could have been rescued last night? Well fuck.
  itll only get harder. get on with it
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
ass.
I hate you so much I just want to smash your face.
 who is the love of your life?
 link with the two flashes that hate each other http://bit.ly/12JQr
ZOMGZ Fontfeed! I am such a Font Freak&#174;. I used to have 5000 fonts on my puter. The poor thing nearly choked to death on them.
No wonder Kevin never replied to my e-mails...damn loser!
  Hell NO!
I hate chris
  jansport :)
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
that sucks try this one http://tinyurl.com/yozen3
"run over my a Hyundai and ass raped by Clay Aiken." I would so prefer it the other way around.
damn. i left kahala in the dark with a glow stick. security kick out me and my girls.
OMG it is a small world! I was there summer of '89.  Uh oh  the song  now the damn song is stuck in my head.
 What was your favorite year?
  smile. eyes. complection
Working out just hurts so damn good!! lol
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck - what a bad ass opportunity for you.
 do you no about the muffen man??r
 Do yew have a boyfran? :]
damn man kn frnd e
Oh  Hannah  I am so  so sorry for your loss. I've done the deathbed vigil and it sucks. I hope your pain eases with time. Love
god damn you.
niiice likewise...sure the boricua gave that away. ah yes we boricuas have good taste (Rob Pattinson) hehe damn sexy brits lol
never say never. Maybe he isn't a jerk like that loser lol
  I dont. But what is complaining about it going to do?
Not really. Atlantis was okay. Old Star Gate on now. Was about to watch Numbers. Might do Sudoku instead unless u ready u fuck :)
Let me know if you get any takers. Mine is nasty  too. We're talking three years of pop tarts up in this bitch.
fuck yeah!!
if gov is going to make it "uncomfortable" to be fat & expect it will work  shouldn't they also make it uncomfortable to be poor? #tcot
Everyone knows .ass is inherently superior to .srt - it's in the format.
  its dumb
lol my bumps not thta big but i can say with so much certainty thats its definatly not in my ass :P 9 weeks to go woo
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
  Umm.. Long time ago bhut i was like 5 or 6 haha Cory!
LOL  no he said  What do you call a jail cell to a gay guy? Paradise! ahaha.
We just call that "whiskey dick."
- damn you and your constant banoffee pie mentions!! Very tempting LOL
psh I better be getting a damn good tip!
 Star Trek or Star Wars?
 Youu need to answer your questions you gay ;)
you said "sucks" and I said why does it suck? LOL
 i guarantee you guys wont be going out by the end of summer..
damn there is someones nana up here at beach with one. dont think ic an steal and get to you quickly tho ;(
Thank god! I hope they give that lying bitch the chair.
I hate auntie flow too.  I should be starting soon. :(  I gained weight this week from pms (eating a lot)!
But i agree that Walmart sucks :)
He's passed out in my bathtub. Only way I could restrain him: knocking his ass out and leaving him in the dark. :1
- *hugz* ...and yer on the west so its only like noon or sumpin. damn.
fuck yeah!!! That is so far above just not failing!!
checked it out...looks like it's well on it's way to being pretty damn awesome :)
  The yellow one!
How is the Loser episode?  Lotsa crying??
 Because they are FUCKING DUMB and annoying
beat that bitch with a bat
 Do you own slippers?
- you are a man of action. great work Daniel. don't forget to record your fat loss seminar!
  :) omg thanks! :D
i feel pretty oh so pretty...i feel pretty and witty and gAY! Ha ha good times
Ooof  too much effort  where's all the open source kung fu magic giving me a sweet ass browser?  Firefox? More like FireFAIL.
 What do you usually drink during dinner?
Jeez dude! Who said you are NOT a big blogger? Ignore braggers. And why giving a damn about something  somebody said 'online'.
 If you were a candy  what candy would you be?
already looking at 5 shows so damn excited hope to do SPAC
  thats annoying
dude ur wack ass better be playin at medium or above cuz u need to step up ur game if u wanna challenge a rock god such as myself
attention whore!
...I mean damn...did you eat yet with all that talk!?! lol
 What&;s the secret to happiness?
 I see (:
 yuppp
  no.
 fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake
18 fuckin children. damn....
still got that ass whooped haha.
 How would you talk someone out of suicide?
That sucks!  Been there.  I have given up numerous times for the same reason.
  hmmm..yesterday. My boyfriend and he was being mean. like always... :(
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
I hate that road. crappy. Reminds me of Joburg. And then every1 is angry when they hit Sir Lowry's pass. . kuck
pls do....i was gon call molly maids up in this piece. i hate cleanin with a passion so early spring cleanin is some mf'in bull
Hahaha I'm sure Bronx can beat some ass. I saw his bass on the internet. It's not as bad as some other names I've heard
 Have you ever been rude to someone without even realizing it?
  Good change definantly. and it was me and timothy getting together that really did it. straightened me out :) and him :]
Ron is a dope producer i mean damn the man did Ether. im just not feeling his new sound. these old NY rappers seem to love it
Damn near indeed! But in the end  their youthful impetuosity gave it away. It didn't feel like SL actually won it  incredibly!
yeah cuz his show was on some wack ass arsenio for sports type shit  they need him in a jim rome type setting
thats tolerance for you  we dnt like what you think so we will rob you of your job.  Sad  and they say WE preach hate.
gewoon kutavond en toen kon ik ook nog niet slapen de hele fucking nacht  dus ik ben maar gelijk doorgegaan naar werk vanmorgen.
tempted to ask what ass flakes are. dandruff? never- nevermind.
well now I have to edit myself and you know how I hate that!
  Fuck yes i think i am! haha
he's a retard. shouldnt he be old enough to know to not  be so damn nosy and butt in on peoples relationship.
Lmao that damn show is funny
  idk dude. why do you call so much haha
-there is. It's sad  really. I never could be ok with that stuff. Still hate movies where the animals die  I cry every time. :(
 you&;re reallly really pretty (: haha. but honestly.
aliea you better stay away from jesse james joplin the third!!!!!!!!  i don't give a fuck  bitch
  Nope not yet :)
  Oh! Hey (:
Heh  default slut mode? :)
that sucks!!!!!!!!!!  I really wish I could head down now just to much crap to do before I leave.
lmaooo he's horrid..but the WORST thing about him is  he's actually a smart ass dude..I don't get him at all..
damn  that is pimp!
Well damn  that means you working wit something!  Lol..
  bahaha idk :) whats goin on?
 What did you dream about last night?
  ily2 boo!
lawl. Sucks to be THEM  then.
fuck you haha
Your son is too damn cute...and I don't even like kids...lol.
Fucking great movie!! Made my girl sit down & watch it the other...I got drunk and she cried...I love that movie....
dont hate!
@ember_myst @spellchaser Just so you know  I'm staking my claim on etherist. I am in full on crush! Sucks that he's married. :P
I am lookin @ news in the Chi damn!!!! Stay warm n if u see my lil sis make sure she wears her coat!
how so? It's more reasonable cause of the smaller age difference...plus Mikey's always sex deprived so he's a fucking animal.
 i speak english frensh and a little arabic cuz i&;ve been to egypt a lotta times :D
@nannon_x who the fuck is charles? yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuuuu
that's why I throw a hard ice grill at him...no words...get the ticket and get the fuck out cause I've never had luck
  Never been 2 1 tht was bad.
Why/how the fuck am I ranking above Fleshbot? Something's not right - maybe because you left. :) http://is.gd/a3Ah
oh no. That really sucks. Randalls next time if it's not expired. Two minutes and you're done :)
 hahahahah this is awesome i know how to send messages to all my friends
 DO YOU GO WIT ANYBODY AT THIS MOMENT
Damn iPhone made my Brad & Angelina pick blurry!  http://twitpic.com/rddb
Too-fucking-right. Im still a NIN Virgin... a VirgNin ... lawl.
u lucky whore!!!!!
 What&;s your favorite kind of cookie?
  we've been together for a year in march. and met at a party  how ironic.
 U A HOE.!
I can see it now. "Listen  you cow-loving yahoos  just put all of the slurpee in this bag! What? Cups? I don't need fucking cups!
  I believe both are good :) i had an awesome elaborate answer to this but formspring didnt make it show up so that is all.
Yup! Wouldn't want me doing your wedding pics...the view from the bar usually sucks :&
You mean GMail Contacts doesn't hate me personally? I'm relieved! (Though I don't get a Forbidden  it just keeps loading forever)
"HOLY FUCKING SHIT THIS IS A RIP OFF OF "foolin'" BY DEF LEPPARD HAHAHAHAHAHAHhaahahhahaa fucking gay"
Aww... Dnt hate the weather  rain can be so soothing sometimes!^^ I still have one more test DD:
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
Well..."THE ad blogger"? Damn  I'll take that. Thanks!
that was quick...im bout to get this damn thing on my storm so i can be COOL&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
The ole Cell Phone Yeller in the Elevator. That sucks.
well that sucks. lol discriminating against WoW players...though i can see the logic
 How would you describe your personality?
 do you lie alot?
Wow  that sucks!
damn straight you need to find your iPod.
 im gnna fxk u up!!!!!! ur a dum hoe
  I love doggies :) and not right now. at my parents i do. if that still counts when you no longer live with them. but yes :) they are bull mastiffs. pure bred. akc registered. sweet looking dogs. :) haha
I don't always agree with you... but I do this time! Slow the hell down and stop getting so emo about it.
I'm gay and I'm pregnant gak mungkin berhasil. This guy is persistent. Gmn ya. Can I just simply ignore his msgs??? :-D
  yupz yupz
  met personally um Andy Clemmensen unless u count Santa hes pretty famous or the guy that helped train the animals from babe the pig or something like that ur pick. lol
that PC thing is fucking awesome
fuckery is always welcomed..only second to hate. Speaking of which...I haven't told you how much I hate you lately
Beedle? Damn awesome! And hi! &lt;3
oh...and I wasn't just calling you a poser either :) http://is.gd/ed5v
 Did you believe in the tooth fairy?
aw  thanks. it's going better than yesterday  that's for damn sure. :-D
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
  Awee'  your gonna hand it too mee? Lol
Thanks! I'm not familiar w/ the "nerd heard" language. You should add #NH  so I can say #WUW #NH @craigsanaotmy!
Damn it all... I hate being trendy! LOL!
 have u ever seen a falling star?
 Ever come close to death?
 Harry Potter or Lord of the Rings?
saw "Seven Pounds" today--some really fab covers on the soundtrack  which apparently can't be bought. hate that!
man  that is fucking sad. reminds me of how my friend with PTSD went missing after iraq  homeless  for 4 months in vegas.
damn right
Don't you hate being a responsible adult sometimes? lol
 what is the strongest emotion a human has?
 :-)  My line in the sand: watching shows on my computer screen. HATE it. w/42 inch plasma & groovy sound  you can never go back.
  Help as many people as I can  that I either do or don't know. As many. Spend all my money  give as much as I can  make a difference. Give all that I can...in one half hour.
 I'm done...except for groceries....I avoid malls at all times...hate them.
Fuck you and your family.
shut ur bitch ass up! OBVIOUSLY its not the same but its not like her name is spelt out as Eveyln dumbass.
that sucks!  can you still walk around or is your balance fubar?
 Do you ever think of crazy things in you&;re head that probably wont happen?
it is. Hate that LOL
yes yes  so gay.
Twitter updates my facebook status you big dick. That way I don't have to do both. Not everyone is nerdy as us with our twitter
Appo is gonna copy that damn thingy to a DVD and gonna drop it tonight. I'll call ya once it's here. come by
In case it's not obvious  the rabbit  glasses and ass are not phone-cam pix.
 i cant tell you that because it would give it away...but i didnt know you personally last year...
 When you were little  what did you want to be when you grew up?
ahh damn your fancy ass cable! So hoighty toighty!! : )
 Learn how to spell? Learn how to tell apart a typo from a spelling error.   And learn how to be a proper fake.
dupa cum vezi  eu mai putin cu excelurile  mai mult cu povestile ;o]
  dgaf :]
  no thank you haha
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
people hate to admit emotional decision making  though. manipulative  some think. the uphill climb of personal branding...
I gave up on lighting hell this year. Got a 9 ft. pre-lit fake.  Love the smell of real but hate creating demand for tree killin'
hate to tell you but it only gets worse  we're at 1440 in the UK and all my office wants to jump out the window!
srsly why don't they reset the damn clock? Everyone I know does it :(
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
  I like to think so. :/
Im having a open face turkey sand. Not healthy but damn good.
  I love you tooo! :)
damn ol boi still acttin up?!
I hate insomnia too. NyQuil works ok. Excedrin PM probably better.
I hate it SO SO SO MUCH.
  okie dokie :P
 why r u suchho a hoe.?
  Jonas Brothers Concert 8/13/09 ;D I still love em bhut Justin bieber is thee shit!
ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
wash yo' ass!
Yep  you're right. Think I was spending a little too much time looking at the literal "This sucks!" responses that day.
  i do <3
ouch. I hate when i do that
hate? i was congratulating you  your a humanitarian!
i spent half an hour in that damn maze of roundabouts :-0
bitch you wanna go? Ill kick your ass
  Laptop Dogs Family Shoes bed clothes coffee maker oven washer&amp;dryer refridgerator table&amp;chairs pics camera bath tub! HAHAhAHAHAHHAHA!!!!
try putting lemon peels around the base of the tree; supposedly cats hate citrus smell
--- that shit right there fool ... is FUCKING TIGHT!!!! --- http://tinyurl.com/6fro26
Peter DeLuca i could not hate you more
Its freaking me out. 1999 wasn't long ago. But 10 years. FUCK.
  Hmm thats a tough one. I would hate it if I couldnt' bare my own child. that would be really hard. and i would probably pray my guts out before going the other route but if its enivetable then I guess I would adopt. Surrogate mothers are too hard to trust not them wanting the child in the end..that would be really hard.
  Skittle :]
LOL and I have missed the 12.55 as the freakin fat b*tch won't let me in! :O
my mets need to chill with all that "team to beat" shit. the need to be "the team that doesn't choke on dick" first.
  enough undies!! :)
 Say your still driving at night and you see a woman on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?
I like Fringe too  but how come everything circles back to his experiments in the 60s  let some other science nerd have a go!
its right on the wrist.. It was so deep it didnt bleed and fat came out of it.. *barfs again
Nah  it was the review of that Clipse mixtape that just dropped. Tom Breihan is a dick.
OMG. I kist realized ... I hope work doesn't think I'm calling in gay.
  I gotcha :D
that sucks. i sent you what i think is a decent tag lastnight and will likely send one today for Lachlan. feel better.
gotta hate those fake posers
it's pretty bad ass YO!! and the guys that run it kick ass too
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
  None. i dont have pockets on right now lol
 do you always trust your instinct?
hahaha! I hate driving alone... but sometimes carpool is the slow lane
  te
I find the exact opposite to be true.  I can review a book I hate in fifteen minutes.  Good books take hours.
nigella is a bit of a tease I reckon  imagine how fat you'd be stayin at hers
ah damn!
Toldja. Actually  the whole thing gets less emo at some point in the archives. And I feel like it's getting even better.
 Faveee Timee - Sport ?
damn I wish it was 1 here so my day would almost be over; btw that Wiley track is my fucking anthem...good looks
that sucks - sports for women in India is a myth. My sisters are national level football players and they think so too
I wanna get him a ring that means "ur a great kid to fuck"
ahahahaha so right. Im fucking freezing my ass off here.
Yeah  I mean I know the plan and the creative are kick-ass. But sometimes clients have a warped view.
- You KNOW she doesn't.  She BARELY looks hapa. But LOL @ that one bitch from the one show.
oh word? Back to the old photo? You green ass backdrop mother fucker!
damn I want some of em vmodas! :)
Tell her she says Bitch like it's a bad thing
  Because she is an amazing person  and I hope that she would agree with me when i say we're &quot;close friends&quot;...
 did alix suk yu up
  thank you very much. You seem pretty cool as well :] ha
lmao  a grown ass man having brunch is even gaaaaayer!
oh no - that sucks - ouch!
  hmm probably Alejandro by lady gaga
@lauriewrites OMG...Margeaux can reach this octave range that I swear makes me see red! and she knows it. grates my fucking nerves
damn!  600 people in the Dutch VMug.  I've never been to one with over 70 people.
damn  that sucks that I missed her. I take it she is gone already...
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
I love New HAmpshire well the white Mounts.I'm from Maine and I know I hate cold also hence why I moved to Fla.
  sometimes when theyre trying to be gangsta or ignorant
oh man that sucks!! LOL
  its stupid.
Damn  I followed you two days too early.  Mom was wrong  procrastination can be a good thing!
Yeah  me too.  If this damn twitter wasn't around  I'd be much more productive.
 ahh this is cutee [;
YOUR A WHORE!
damn yo FB status drama .. Intense!  @neeci you will be missed. Dont forget to write! Bon voyage! A riva derci! Sayonara!
Why do you kombat when I have to leave the computer!! DAMN YOU!!!
damn dude... what's wrong??
which keyboard do u hate? I hate iPhone keyboard. Yes touchscreen is cool but I WISH I had actual buttons 2 push! Less typo's
#NAME?
re tomorrow night  i'm thinking it's not such a good idea.  hate to wimp out  but ice is not nice  supposed to hit 16F 2nite. yeow.
@nakedbard I always hated when people bought practical things like carpet or knife set. BUY THE FUCKING DALMATIAN PEOPLE!
- Fat Bastard sends hugs for retweet on Austin Girl blog: http://austingirlblog.wordpress.com (need feedback on writing)
It sucks to be done with exams n still be @ Mayag.
in other news  y'all gonna make me get back online just to see this lookin' ass kitty vid. *shakes fist*
  not always. but i don't say idc very much. haha
  Smiling at them. It seems to work pretty well. :]
@panamenanegra gonna tell me its my fault for having a CC.  WTF ?  Wanted to knock is damn turban off.
 What do you prefer to drink in the morning?
  lol ummm idk i like alot of them :D
  idk sometimes.
LOL... My name was on Santas ass! thanks.
wait until you have a final cut on your documentary before the sex change.  You don't want to fuck up continuity.
its been too damn long! Really since the AHH Breeding Ground...
I wouldn't with ur dick! Now u owe me one!
damn it's all been hoovered now lol. Now chocolate brownies and vanilla bean ice cream. Prezzies opened. Romantic comedy asap @V zzzz
@TitanLineAudio lol BJ's blow ass :P
what the flying fuck? How the fuck do you reply to this shit. Testing  bitch ass cunt test.
will try and get them to contribute something to the process - just hate the morning hubbub b/c i'm doing everything!
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:
Pig passle?? You northern folks are a bit strange. We barbecue our pigs in the south!!
 Have you ever found a four leaf clover?
still nothing.  Lucky for you I have the free time to hop on twitter and remind you that you still fucking owe me.
 as soon as you turned on your computer  what website do you go to first?
can't make up my mind. Go out w my girl vip style and leave the dog home alone till morn  stay in or go to a gay pj party
i hate having to wait till jan. for the big game lol tedious i tell ya
that sucks that the internet is being twitchy. Hope it works soon. :(
because the sandman is being a punk ass ho...
yes? Yes? Fucking YES?
who'd you piss off? oh...wait...that's a ridiculous question.
and the beamer was underwhelming.  had all kinds of issues with the on-board computer.  nothing major. just enought to piss me off
I also just got Emma as well. I've been a lit nerd too long not to have read Austen. I have shame regarding this.
  every other wk or so
id die if he was super antsy i wanna request vacation and know when my shows r damn it first series anyway
 pig 100% pig
  Star Wars.
nothings better than seeing my sexy ass husband on stage and with that white pice of trasler trash YUCK
 What are you getting for Xmas :D
I hear that. I hate charging.
hellz ya I kick ass...just don't think the wives would think so
YOU? FAT? R U SERIOUS?!? Remind me to slap U when I c U Saturday  mkay?
@hermanos @jamessime wow I totally know that fine line between love and hate! #dead_by_january_i_didnt_sign_up_for_this_shit
damn man. I would have left
http://twitpic.com/xipq - this only makes me hate having a verizon contract even more.  erg.
whatever about the Gay Byrne voiceover  shame on Eason's for running Christmas ads in early November!..
slut...just pelvic thrust anyone
that's awesome! you're pretty damn good!
here's how to teach you phone to say fuck properly. Don't tell your parents. http://snipurl.com/9iryv
  its not.
parking sucks at that one  someone check out if the dt one is even cluck u  its prolly faggoteaters now too
I totally forgot it was your birthday  man! I wouldve called. I hope you had a killer fucking time.
I've had a few 'fat' comments.  yeah  cause I claim to be thin!!
I heard it sucks... What do you think so far?
Are you *having* brunch at Max Brenner's?  Because I need to know whether to hate you this morning.
Damn it! Now Cody will get one before me!
http://twitpic.com/xm6u - You have an inbox folder for CYA - Covering Your Ass?
lol i think she's a huge bitch BUT she's good at what she does and is entertaining at times :)
 R u going out with John John?
you've seen Angry video game nerd on youtube right?
yeah that song suck  santagold sucks too. nice picture  i'm just seeing it  ur skin looks good
Ready to Par-tay at Speedy Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve... will U be there? ;)
safe travels and kick some ass in California.
 If you could know the future but not change it would you still want to know what it is?
  Hmm..a new person that likes to talk and is intersting. least like....a creepy stalker dude.
Guess there wont be much skidding then. As is said hope you're on the ground floor or everyone will hate Green Grass and High Tides.
that's what I hated most about meridian. long ass walk to campus. best part? blocks from adams morgan!
aw that sucks.
xD! i know. hmm ....i wonder how it feels like to fuck bingo  hard .....hmmmm  i guss i'll never know D':
Funny that the guy's last name is Dick...bwaha! :-D
When was the first ICS? Was Emo Jesus created yet? was prior to March 22  2007 (1st live tattoo show)
what does that say about me that I was laughing my ass of when I heard that. Rapping the word titties is just damn funny
Damn dude...
Fukin sun's blinding.... Reflecting off my damn phone screen
Thank god. Don't pussy out on us
that sucks man hope you find him soon.
mate u know there are french umbracians out there cg09 u may get ur ass whupped :-}
http://twitpic.com/uzdf - that looks fucking sweet!!!
I'd sweat my ass off!
 What kind of phone do you want?
  1995 haha when i was bornwas my year! Doh!I didnt have 2 do ANYTHING on my own haha
that sux... they be givin out fat vouchers tho when that happens
  well hi :)
 Beach or Mountains?
haha naw pink fuck that! You just know what you want  and I feel you. whoo-hoo! lmao!!
"don't hate me cuz i'm beautiful." jk. you're probably too young to have seen that commercial. HA. what's wrong  chippers??
FUCK! hahaha well that sucks xD
Off your face.  Stonkered.  Got the wobbly boot on.  Got a gutful of piss.  Drunk.
damn  shorten isnt work  here is the link http://tinyurl.com/8rkl9r
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
 If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
A lighted whale! How cool is that?
Yeah  those same ugly guys that do gay-for-pay. That's why I demand hot girl on girl action in my porn. Oh oh. Yeah.
oh youuuu little bitch. Just keep your winter gloves away from your zipper and i'm sure you'll be fine.
 if I wrote you a love note and made you smile with every word I wrote what would you do?
damn nature  you scary!
  Lol you!(:
 You&;ve been kidnapped by aliens.  What do they feed you?
 What is the bravest thing you have done?
 do you like cats?
I know  right?  It's harder for me to get well and keep well since I have a piss poor immune system.
Or watch ghetto ass bitches fight over ghetto ass dudes on Real Chance of Love?
well that sucks lol  say high to every one at rock bottom from me
i hate u like miniature dogs hate people dressing them in t-shirts and little booties.
I remember when being snippy just meant I was trying to piss someone off... am I showing my age? :)
LOL I had completely forgot there was a comic strip called BC :)  But the real question is why do you hate your paper boy? LOL
 What is your all time favorite comedy movie?
You don't even know that half  trust me sallie mae is the one bitch I wish I could divorce right now
 how do you stay so cute?
 What do you think Victoriau2019s secret is?
what?!?! im sorry!!!!!! ill kick his ass for you if you wish i got some pretty wicked awesome ninja skills :)
you are fucking killing me. Please come to a party at my house next time yer in LA. Rice pilaf will be ready
freak passing shower. was walking by  then suddenly a few big drops came down. thought  oh shit  and ducked in just as it poured.
Hope you feel better soon!  Sucks to work while sick.
sure  I could use a lil snow here. The people would freak out here. LOL
 what will you do f you found out that you are adopted?
He is still trying to figure out who to side with. And how not to piss off the Islamists world.
The "That's 'Smart Bitch' To You" one.
Kinda like how I took my dumb ass back out to 3 different granite stores today looking for countertops!!! Lol...I have a Rob too!
  mhm ohkay slide yo numba nd iWill met yew lol
Ugh! I hate when I get spam followers... They shouldn't count against our talley of actual followers... :-p
Be prepared for Toro to be a comple ass...
Great post  London totally kicks ass for start-ups. Loving all the UK twiterers defending @paulcarr's great post!
that sucks  @krkipp99 plays this game called cube crash that she really likes. You should check it out.
No kidding.  Economy's crumbling  crooked politicians  violence  hate and discontent... WHAT! Oprah's gained weight!!!
damn  and i hear i go... i was all ready to get in on the joke lol
dude  that sucks about your laptop. I hope you get that worked out. &#58371;
I hate games like this. All these people shouldn't be going down.
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
yo Zee  you keep your hair tighter than frog ass.
 I am off for right now. Leave me things? <3 Please&amp;Thank you!!!
  Papapapapa shore do :] haha r I like any thing i can do the robot to haha
thanks. it's part 2 we got stuck on. The rolling didn't seem to work. I'm a loser :)
hahaha I knew you'd hate it
 If you could have a super power  what would it be?
Ugh. That truly sucks :(
  not grandparents..
LOL  Well  my kids would say 35  any NORMAL person would say 50 ish.  I do hate getting older though
George Lucas' Guide to Sucking Cock?
why do you hate activesync?
  American korean. So like half korean &amp; half whitee :] But im so the whitest korean  girl you'll ever talk to.
You lucky whore  you. The roads weren't too bad. But we're supposed to get more snow tonight.
  diz grul name kiya y?
Fat Baby drinkinggg and listening to Duffy's band
fuck you
Dood! You just justified your MBA. I pity the sorry ass of that downtrodden employee whose manager you'll soon become.
what a fuck nugget.
after my surgery mine was anywhere from 45-60% of a normal sized bladder. My life sucks.
fuck them!
i got a blog on ozonemag.com about Pinky the pornstar trying to act like a business woman. being a slut is not a biz  its a cop out
 twitter whore!
 do you like adtf
 Do you like traveling? How often do you think you ride in a car?
  Umm made love to my boyfriend. :] r hahah
Cum has lots of vitamin c but does she swallow?
  I would buy my mum a house and a car buy me a house and car buy my brothers a car and with the left over money i would go shopping and concerts (i dont no how much all this cost though lol)
passing gay marriage bans  the government is doing just that. regulating personal relationships. not the government's job.
hahaha i did txt him back and say gay u woke me up now i cant sleep hahaha wat are you doing? im so bored but cnt sleep haha
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
i've been on twitter 1 week and am about 20 shy of 500. does that make me a loser? LOL LOL LOL
fuck 'em
fuck!!! imstars. aufeminin. com/ stars/fan/ my-chemical- romance/ my-chemical- romance- 20080121-366383. jpg *take out spaces
try it you jive time sucka! I'll put Cinque on dat ass!
  umm im not sure lol i will check my music if i have none of there songs they are lol and............ i have none lol so theres ur answer ha. who wrote this? =]
 do cats have psychic powers to control babys minds and tell them to take over the bahamas and control the worlds supply of milk?
http://twitpic.com/xipq - this only makes me hate having a verizon contract even more.  erg.
grrr I hate that. I have an ex-friend who only gets in touch when they have something great to tell me about themselves... o_0
  H2o
Fat Boys have a new song?!
i know you got some bama ass shit on your ipod somewhere... some Pastor Troy or something lol.
  WHO DOESNT!!(:
& @lasandwich I hate calculus... :(
 Sooooooo srry this is late!!!:) im juzz doin mothur freakin boring!!:) zzzzzz zzzz snore snore!!:) LMBO
Fuck the pics! @giove_dea WE WANT VIDS!!
  Nope im secretless.
you are such a whore LOL
Our galaxy sucks!
I want beach now. Damn.
  Uhhh!!! lmao!! U got me lmao! jkjk we can go on 4 like eva! Lezzzdoooittt I Love you more than yo own momma! AHHA!!
i got all my shopping done in november  cause there was no way i was going to get stuck in a long ass line! hehee
  My grandmother. It's pathetic really.
 Whats yo fav position
  Committed  I want to like one girl cause then I will know for sure that she is the one((: <3
That review was on Ain't It Cool News!  Some geeks hate it I guess.
 Do you get distracted easily?
oh my gosh i HATE christmas music  but i have to turn it up and sing along whenever that one comes on.  can't help myself!
 Your gorgeous :)
hold up nigga..u cant hate Jay-Z...might have to beat yo ass like that nigga did when that other guy said F Tupac...lmao
I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
gotta hate those fake posers
damn that took a while what a work out lol
  I would say what freakin mexican is trying to pick me up lol i would have no idea who it is..and i would be thinking what a silly person. and throw it away.
 Hey bitch don&;t get mad at people who write on here cause YOU ask people to write to you.
I felt the same way 3 weeks ago. And then proceeded to watch the whole. damn. thing. lol
 Who is the biggest gossiper you know?
hey you know wat wud b funny? to find out who started tht lil cheap ass lie tht if u roll ur eyez they'll get stuck like tht! rndm
 Who was the last person to make you laugh the hardest?
 follow :)
*giggles and cuddles* Its some kids show...that is disturbing as FUCK.
aww man that sucks ((hugs))
 :] you are fake though :D ? that makes no sense lolol why would you keep faking all these formsprings  your stuuupid :p we all know the real ashlee girls formspring already  soo fuck off may you?
well... the giant carts slamming into your ass isn't SOOO bad. But the sample hogs are pretty gross.
 Would you ever prank your spouse if you got married?
  chicken salad :]
have a safe flight.....damn now you make me want some jamba juice
Pieces is such an old-fashioned name for a gay bar- like Glances  or Mystique  or Trade  or Hombre  or the No Name.
  iDnt even kno who da hell they are
good to hear your okay... I need my the gay...... Wow i rhyme
 Any plans to become a doctor someday?
I remember when I realized I needed to stop wearing shit from PacSun & Metropark. Getting old sucks.
LACEY'Z A BITCH WTF LOL
OK but I'm telling you  it's going to be hard for me to fight my inner grammar nerd. I'll do it for the cause though ;)
 Do you regularly watch the news?
suck my cock  bitch. i am allowed to be scared of whatever i want. *z snap*
oh god  we have an icp display in our window  and weve been getting so many fucking juggalos and they smell sooo bad.
who the fuck are you??
am I too emo? http://snipurl.com/7rq8p
you are sucha nerd! Love it!!! V(^_^) haha
awz cum ova
i hate it when itunes effs up my music library ... it's happened more than once.
Thanks. Nothing just watching "Jack ass". Are you having fun doing nothing over there?
and the beamer was underwhelming.  had all kinds of issues with the on-board computer.  nothing major. just enought to piss me off
Ah. Hate it when a good fantasy team winds down at the end of the season  but it happens quite a bit. No. 1 seed curse. #ffb
  hold im confused
Hmm  wonder who it was. Do you know local owners? Hate not being able to drive mine now due to weather!
hate the auto DMs  there's no better way to show that you don't actually care about your followers than to put it on autopilot
Wow  that sucks. Is that even legal?
awww damn yeah....that really sucks!
i hate pornotube! youporn and pornhub.
That sucks.  Once Dec. 31st comes it'll prob be more awkward huh?  Or maybe not since some people will be gone?
Damn  guess I ain't the only one having a shitty day...LOL Hopefully  I can restore my joint when I plug it up to iTunes.
Pause and type quick notes  then edit at the end. I'd use a recorder but I hate transcribing. It's really helped my typing speed.
I hate to cook and do simple things that sometimes get boring. If I won the lotto - I would hire a cook.
Dave is a word nerd. ;)
  Of course. We the people are the government :]r all people should vote.
i got the 8330 bigger keyboard I got fat thumbs
- ice t  yes...never ice cube.  he's bad-ass.  was he cool?
you mean there's no bathroom fairy that cleans my bathrooms? UGH! I hate it too!
u can lemme knw a css one =D but opacity n other sucks .. hehehe
If we could cover the debt  that would be one thing.  But  we produce nothing but fat kids and corn.  We can't even make cars!
In the same boat as you lady...hate the anticipation!
 do you cuss?
Down here  people are smart enough to not piss on an electric fence  let alone do it again after being shocked once.
:( I'd buy you a hooker but the recession is whooping my ass.
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
i think that term comes from the ppt being printed out and being a stack of paper (thus deck). but i hate it too...
 hi  do you like nachos?
 What are your plans for the weekend? I&;m going to Miami :] <3.
  The beast.
 sext me<3 ;)
nerd. *resumes Half-Life marathon*
Man up pussy. NO SMOKES FOR U!!
pffft you mean maybe you'll suck ass for her
Yes. I realized that my meter has gone from "wannabe Cool Hand Luke" to "Hulk Smash!!!"  but really! C'mon! Video is my thing
Damn I knew Big tree trunk would get around ur way sooner or later. Do I like being watched by who?Big tree trunk or in general
  Yes it is lots of fun :) I wouldn't mind learning latin. Its a dead language of course but apparently there are a lot of good things you can get out of latin and a bunch of things are based on it.
I cant leave yet and i had to pee but there was water all over and i didnt want wet socks cause i hate that. Lol
  lol no iDnt iGuess bih
 Heyyy. I am downloading songs at the moment. Would you mind helping me? Write your suggestions to my page  as in right now. :)
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
still at ex-husbands house! i will be getting it just not quite yet. hmmm that really sucks. stoopid ps3
aw dammit  I meant to call @graemem a lame-duck Scotsman. Thanks for fixing my lame-ass miss of a joke!
LMAO!! I aint gonna front  shit did look kinda moist! Ol Duncan Hines Ass!!! LOL!!
u know  that's what I hate about Ohio  seeing grown up idiots in shorts when it's freezing outside :0)
dont hate!
 I love you :( but I think you don&;t care about me anymore.
ahh damn it: Action 12.1.5.0 of Microsoft.SharePoint.Upgrade.SPSearchDatabaseSequence failed. and i didn't snap shot my VM DOH!
damn son I always down for foos. Maybe I'll swing up tonite for some football  peanuts and foos
 Which is more appealing to you?  Sun  moon  or stars?
"Fail whale" refers to the graphic on error page when Twitter is over capacity. It's a whale being carried by little birds.
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
  Nahh
  Kindness to strangers.
  I have already. theyr'e aswesome.
damn straight! I say you  me and danie have an epic rap party over break since we'll all be off. Yes?
fuck outta here - for reals?
especially when I don't give a rats ass what he thinks about me LOL
She's actually latina with a thick ass accent but she thought that I was lying about not speaking spanish to avoid talking to  ...
  Hairballs  I hate those things...
Freestyle Fighting to start their trial 30 days. It is cold as FUCK outside.
get yer own damn beer!
Sorry all sucks. But let us know when you need a moving crew on the cheap. I can be paid in beer.
if you actually are a vicious ass koala bear  better to find out now than later. or else you might get confused.
Damn it  now I have an urge to move to Vermont
OMG I hate when that happens :(
Holy Fuck Man  I've been thinking about you. That's fucked up.
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
damn.
u better answer the damn phone
 What food are you burnt out on?
newegg.com.... once u know  u new egg.... can get a 500 gig for fucking 30 bucks on there
 what gives you peace of mind?
omg! what are you in the mood for.. i crock pot my ass off!
aww man...that logo sucks...i feel your pain...good luck with that one buddy
thats a good question.  most lawyers HATE that stuff.
don't you hate waiting on the cable guy.
payment schedule...been there...sucks ass
dude.  she's fugly.  i think ur a desperate ass cam perv.
 Who&;s the most beautiful person you know?
 Do you want to start over with anyone?
And then they snap and get psycho on your ass!
yeah 800-soapie-kha.  ( kick his ass)
Sheeyat....Freezing rain is no punk. Hope you didn't fall & bust your ass in the parking lot.... I almost did.
  Nope. drinkin water.
  Juno  Sweet november  mr. deeds :]
  Nope
Thanks  Ulrike! :) We'll make sure to nerd it up!
holy fuck.
lol I'm glad I'm not the only one smh  speaking of I need to carry my ass to sleep so I can get up in the morn ha ha
I don't care about leakage. Fuck the person sitting next to me in coach. (actually I do care)
oh.. you are not even at the party yet?  damn...   them's good lemon drops.
Damn  you're totally geeking out on us tonite.
everyone but not Real... I know we might win this all easy  but if we don't win this - I would hate Real so much. DO NOT WANT
Man  why u live in NYC in that crazy ass weather. Move out to LA. It's nice EVERYDAY. NYC is soo over-rated! lol
yep ur an uber nerd now
#NAME?
  yes :]
it's like gay people using the f word.  somehow  allowed.
way to damn hard
I think bromance can be between gay boys... it just isn't likely to lead to bro-rape.  Just naked bro wrestling.
lol penelope died?? thats so depressive  i have a compaq it sucks  i dont have a name for my computer tho : )
fuck u asshole we aint even watchin the game shyt we slda goten closer so i cn c betr.how r those cheerleaders 4 ya
Hey  at leat you got SOMETHING. Know what we get at work  as I found out 2day? NADDA! Bah hum bug! Damn scrooges!
The radical democrats hate this choice. So  theefore it must be good.
You can stop voting now. Holy fuck. If only McCain had you on his side  and you were 18.
I think it'll suit him. Just hate waiting for movies to actually come out :(
who is fat?
bitch. You told me all that. LOL
 formspring.me/aleak    PLEASE!!!
Ok  that fucking skit had EVERYTHING. Why have I never heard of this man  this  Daniel Tosh? Zomg!1one
damn  you're in DC? Where is Timberlakes?
 The last song you listened to?
 who is this kayla she sounds like she like short stack
DAMN YOU FOR CATCHING UP! I must ding 28 before you get back.
You kidding  I bloody hate anime  and I liked Bleach.
LMFAOOOOO. and he looks emo now? i'd believe it.
- and btw I hate the new Pepsi logo/can. Maybe cause I didn't get one in the mail...ha j/k
dam..she cold and she cold in live..by any means necessary you gotta do what you gotta do except for hate of course..lol
getting up at 5am to BBQ a full pig all day for annual New Year party at friends.  Nothing like fresh pig right off the grill. oh ya
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
 wow.. it&;s 7:54pm here haha.. what&;d you have for breakfast?
 did you have fun this weekend??? :)
I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
 What was the most interesting place you&;ve traveled to?
 Whn we gonn b 2gether?
fuck yeah fuck yeah.  FUCK YEAH!
You must not mind finger prints all over everything. I hate smudges on my CDs.
horrified mum can squlor (he hasnt been gone long enough) Im a chiness pig its what we do riding this till the end of 2008
hahaha. Dont hate! hahaha. you know you fcuk with Young Dick
Don't freeze your ass off for me. Stay warm and toasty and mail them whenever.
the eagle w/ @leahsairy ... Decided 2 not do power lesbian night @ mecca & hang out w/ our real queer ppl 2night. gr8 indy band. Emo punk.
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
  Oh snap!! I would actually hug him first off ahah and say &quot;Nigga where my weed go?&quot; Hahaha jkjkjk i love him!! He is doin a great job!
yo freak "sarath freak"
@andsoitis26 ouch.  2nd time I ve been called a fat ass this week.....
 What turns you on creatively  spiritually or emotionally?
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK BIIAAAATCH!
get it for PC only  360 one sucks balls. Totally worth getting a new desktop for.
 how old are you?
 Do you believe in life after death?
After T3 I'll need to see some damn good reviews. Otherwise it's just going to the end of my Netflix queue.
Avocado is my FAVOURITE 'good fat'. Hahaha... I'm afraid I indulged 2day and had my avocado w homemade cheese nachos & black olives.
There was a MAD ABOUT YOU/ DICK VAN DYKE crossover about a decade ago.  Carl Reiner reprised his role as Alan Brady.
 If you could wake up as anyone tomorrow  who would it be?
are we going to see u in 2 wks?  Sorry life sucks (move to Fla! you know it would be fun)
  I dont want people to harass you though :(
  Jumprope
 What&;s your motto?
& I was there helping your ass pack to get on the plane. A tru friend - helping you track a sub sized weiner like fucking GPS
 in your opinion  what is the best thing about being a nurse?
i feel fucking great get me another drink
long piece on that on my FB page and got bitch-slapped.  But I'm not interested in social networking by someone's "people"
  I love cameras. Show your face yooo
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
and big kisses to you too  doll!"
They're awesome - lemon ricotta cookies.  This is only the second time in my life I've burned myself but damn does it hurt
Yeah  it's bitter sweet. I see apps like Amarok and think "kick ass  this will be great" then I see it has issues with syncing.
 Do you ask questions that sometimes you really don&;t want the answer too?
  ummmm  people tell me i am. but i dont really show alot of people my stuff.
Damn  hope you getz better soon !!!
ouch...that sucks about the ticket...it's pretty expensive now. Hopefully chiko can help u out
  i try to
ouch! Hope your alright! :S I hate Black Ice  Almost broke my arm on it the other week :P
I tried to rickroll my office christmas party last night but the damn band didn't know it!
the iced media party. Long ass day at the office  time for a drink or 3
  Ah me. by griffen house :] idk why. It just makes me happy
it's cos we're old now. sucks.
Doh!  That sucks!
this sucks ass!
hate "can'r do" atitude. can do works almosr all the time.
@dramaqueenrissa  & @hannah_rae just departed for Greenville. I really hate saying goodbye :-( Praying for a safe trip.
Holy ass hell balls!!!  $260 for premium????  Fuck upgrading.  I will fucking cope with Basic
crikey - wish I had! Speaking of narcotic influence  Solid Steel Podcast lyric "I would hate to have a clock for a face" WTF?
ass get out its ur last day damn it!
I hate you so much right now. http://is.gd/ewZm
 What&;s the longest relationship you have had?
 are you better today than you are yesterday?
 one thing you want badly
  ew
  False.
hell yea but the midget in the cowboy suit it that homey from jack ass?
 If you had your own talk show  who would your first three guests be?
goddamn it kj...fuck you 58 times http://tinyurl.com/59blcl
 WHY YEW GOT SUSPENDED
I hate moping. It's horrible. Mum makes me mop the kitchen floor sometimes and I always want to dieeeeeeeee.
 Do you want me to rain on their parade? Sure hate ignorant Texans who believe that being from Texas gives them the right to act like low level scum suckers. The need to live in the real world and pull their head out of that dark place they have it shoved.
True True... but... you're still a whore. BUT ITS OK! I am too. &lt;3 Although  I don't think whores can have scruff.
I'm gonna use meebo and use it for my AIM account. I need to update too. I'm being such a lazy-ass XD
Are you trying to say the saran wrap  bacon fat  and rubber bands I currently use don't count as REAL gloves?
so mya's CD sucks? that's too bad. maybe the japanese will be more forgiving?
Love You  Man  Not in Gay Way or Anything :)
Lol  I'm so out of it right now that when I read what you last wrote  I thought you said  "I'll freak with you."  lol  woww
 how are you?
I think I have the same nasty chest cough. It sucks.
*damn BB be going hard on them boyz*
Thing I hate the most = Alternate side of the street parking rules.
@BikerSwag damn! No kidding!
 would you ever hire a hitman?
u know what................. ima put jourdan on your ass.
i got the 8330 bigger keyboard I got fat thumbs
OK Cool  I'll figure it straight out in the morning..Thank Pat! BIG FAT HUG For You!{By the Way  I loved Your Portable Empire!!}
They kicked ass  huh?! Such a great show! Can't wait to see your vids & pics!
true  Vista sucks ass  yet when I plug in ANY usb device that I have  it works.
Fuck mod_Ella.....http://tinyurl.com/5hdbje
 How many hours of sleep do you need to function?
 If you could ask Barack Obama one question what would it be?
 relation to Miley Cyrus?
you won't die in Queens we're civilized here in Queens  hell there's a Starbucks & McDonald's on damn near every corner  have fun
Grammar nerd.
  hahahahahaha he is in love with everyone  hahaha i love that kid. i no i no im awesome ;)
Love him or hate him  He is the man soon to be leading this country. He is everybodies hope of a turnaround!
 :O andrew u loser u have no life :P lol but i m gonna try to beat u
 On Gilligan&apos;s Island  how did Ginger have so many different outfits when they were only going on a 3 hour tour?
there r things I'm happy about  just not in the Xmas spirit. But thanks 4 the pity and smart ass comments.
just put your phone on dilent or turn tweets off  damn yo
  same here :
don't let @tsand know  he'll make me give up my "man card" but you just reminded me that I am missing the Jungle.. Damn!!
it always gets back 2 college football trash talk doesn't it? why can't we all just hate the USCtrojans and leave it there?
 lol
I'm late to the emo-ball.. I'm not even dressed.  WHY un-follow you?  What did you do now (pft- can't take him anywhere...)
I think Bangladesh did "What's Your Fantasy"  and fuck what   anyone says  that song is a JAM...can't front on it...
  the  way people are to each other.
 what is a z job?
I have no doubt that there is a problem there  it's just not the only problem.  I hate mutilple variables in a problem!
Aw. That sucks. We'll have plenty of good food  wine  and company for you after though.
damn fine! The snow is gone thank god!
Oh I get it Amici - Fucking Mad Cow Disease - Will feast on it  and tweet the review - Thank You
cool. But that fireplace looks totaly gay.
lol ur whale penis
yeah  im pissed. liek my body is tired  but my brain isnt  or is it the other way around? fuck idk anymore
Damn it  how do you ALWAYS post the cool links first? :-) (Catching up on today's tweets.)
come back to us Jason - Damn the Storms!
 most hated movies?
im not sure if i should taunt you with how awesome it is  or say im surprised it took this long to get snow hate twitters
YES. the thing is big enough for my ass plus another half. its like my parents couch.
 Does a &apos;Marks-A-Lot&apos; marker  mark any more than a regular marker?
wah wah what the fuck....
the only thing I hate about Nikon is the dumb Ashton Kutcher ads they run.
  Canada :]
@maddow. where is that big gay planet? can I go there now please? someone please fucking segregate me off this rock.
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
  yupz hehe
  ahahaha!!!(: It wuzz funn!(: lmao<3
thanks  that's the part that is so hard. Hate to see my grandmother hurting.
lol  gotcha. I didn't say i thought it would sell  but I can understand it better. He's wasting his time  that for damn sure
ahah! and i'll say exactly what i'd say to him: "bitch make your own!" i kid:P
  yes and i dont remember.
HAHA WHYYYYY do you hate my school!? NOOOOOO :(:(:
  purple. always
Weird. I gotta say  I love my pig.
why do you hate the piano? o_O
holy shit I'm not even taking that class  and I hate it !
  great  yours?
 you watch NBA?
EXACTLY! GOT DAMN!
Hahahaa!!! As much fun as a divorce!! That song is fucking hilarious! All I visualize is Hassleshoff crawling on the floor drunk
  I like my ma's homemade chicken noodle soup :]
  mhm
 as you should  she did a good job. I once wrote a paper in college "Breeding Hate" I see that theory backed up more & more.
hiii lady! damn... i need some galoshes!
I HATE IT when that happens! Usually when I'm in a hurry :-/
 KUM ON DEN WIT DAT BIG DICK
New Hampshire. They have receieved a reported 'metric ass ton' of snow. How's Detroit hanging in there?
any guy who wants to engage in a conversation about being an asshole  and who calls himself a whore on his own blog  is worth it.
that's even more gay then your previous gayest statement ever made........
ewww  hate it hate it hate it!
i was excited about seeing that until i remembered itv have the fa cup rights. god i hate itv
i DO know her! Damn...r u worldwide or what? :-D MsLika
you damn betcha
That sucks. I'll be sure to bring some when I visit.
yeah  most people just think i'm a bitch cuz i got that screwy sarcastic sense of humor that tends to tick people off? my username?
 Have you ever pretended your crush was with you when they really werent?
Ugh I fear I did =/ And will tomorrow. Well not fail fail. But like C+ and I hate the letter C
 what advice can you give to a person who is so insecure of you?
  im pretty happy too(: lmao   i DONT like King at ALL ! hahaa; i love you too ? u2665
Lolol well i hate u. K thx &lt;3
FUCK YES!!!! RING!!!
oh man that sucks. I'm sorry. Sucks to live with people who are dirty..trust me  I can relate.
lady  i wanna fuck your tumblr.
Love hate?
-- but hopefully not the ass right?  :)
u hate the name bob so much that ur gonna change ur name to bcbryar? lol nice
Believe me most domainers HATE parking their domains. What evidence do you have supporting your allegations?
 If you had to cook dinner for someone tonight  what would you make?
retard?
why do i imagine gouthami in police dress kannu adchifying and asking u for a lift! damn  i must stop these perverted thoughts!!!
That's good. It's a bitch to start a computer/laptop from scratch. Music isn't too bad.Do you know what happened to your mac
Ill save you the trouble sister. Here comes a big ol fuck France block coming your way here on the twitter.
Indeed. But the Collier conversation relationship head up your gleeful ass kumbaya stuff needs to be put out with the trash.
Is that your real name?? That sounds like a character from a Dick Tracy novel... LOL. Both tho  recognized the name and pic
Damn  why not just put them in a hotel? LoL.
In Ala-God-Damn-Bama  that would be Bidness Skool  right?
 thumbs up!r i just realize our sig pic is thumbs up! well mostly you xD
 is there a person that you ever felt that you actually hated?
 Who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with? Least like?
go cowboys!!!! Yup I said it. Two tears in a bucket.. Fuck it lol
serioulsy... I hate questions like that one... they totally miss the point.
damn cool. u can activate da camera of ur fon n u can move ur fon freely 2 look around da game when u r walking or sneaking
  You asked didnt you? I was like 12 and you gotta do what you gotta do yo> haha
 Do yuh have any stalkers?
  hmmmm  then to of never of moved  or to be happy.
  heyy besttfriend !(:
the snow storm you're having could possibly be the same one we had Friday it was horrible like 20-30cm of snow. I hate metrics
@yummyone congrats ladies but can't attend wedding... Seen enough dykes this week (dick n barry van dyke) in diagnosis murder
what da drilly wit dat do! ...oh  and i STILL got distribution in Japan...damn  that chick was the worst that night
Ugh  twitter stop it  you fucking slut.
Well  what kind of card did you expect from the "Best Looking Gay Guy at the Office"?
SWEET BABY JAMES i remember those days---Don't hate the player
i like that song you posted earlier  the one with the ship in the background.  and don't hate on chat  he cant help it lol.
 i really am sorry you have to have this ishh on your page tho nico  but im not just gonna sit here while people talk shit thats just not how i was raised. so im sorryy i dont mean to be freeaking out all on here i kinda cnt help it.
I especially hate the way how Apple earphones tear out the insides of my wallet.
 Your into Pryce?
 what kind of hamburger do you like
@lauriewrites OMG...Margeaux can reach this octave range that I swear makes me see red! and she knows it. grates my fucking nerves
...fuck jared leto. i forgot it was his bday. 25th HIS BIRTH 26th MY BIRTH ECHELON THROUGH THE BACK DOOOOR.
i didnt call in gay either. but my company donated 100 g's to support No on prop 8. ::shrug:: squaresies  i guess.
 What is the first thing you would save in a fire?
NERD!
  okay
that sucks!
Oh  well  just try not to piss him off too much. I don't think I can save you from him  yet. Unless the cars done...
lol. yeah man  the mall was fucking insane.
that sucks I wonder why it was so messed up for you
  hahahaha :) I'd say it was a little bird but i think it was one smart cookie
HI! i hate packing too...lol  i make my mom do it....it's alot easier
geez what crawled up ur ass my man im just messing with u...take a joke...
 What&;s your favourite comedy on the tv?
  Yeahh
Bitch ur crazy! Hahah mean I like mcr as much as the next guy  but ur making death threats to bob If he doesnt anwser you.
yr gay voice =]
oh damn that sounds good!
I LOVE trains. But they are pretty damn expensive
Oh  I want the page resident on my website.  I might just do a total overhaul.  Hate to refer people to separate site.
Yeah i'm with ya...I hate to see guys get hurt  but it's a little easier when it's Roth..if only it had been Ward or Polamalu
 but tequila lures me in...then bitch slaps me silly.  Last night there was NONE of that.
the only show more thug is the nigga who be in the woods eating beetles and drinking his piss! that niggas GANGSTA!
Lmao Damn thats the truth
 Are your dreams mostly sweet or bad?
man that rly sucks. I for 1 am positive that all will work out. You're a bright dude... pretty cool 2 if I don't say so myself.
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
Honey  we all hate long division.  Look for things to hate that make your personal hate list special and distinctive.
sorry about that. I understand  it's my epic failure in my  parents eyes. I will be forever fat to them :( don't listen to them!
 Do you ever think you smile too little?
...DAMN STRAIGHT...you deserve the world or a least a peaceful ocean to sail your boat on!!! :)
You'd have to get outta the pool damn fast.
haha i don't really like walmart that much either. hmm yeah that sucks :( hope you find one
Wait if I shut down my phone company who's going  to sponsor you in the emo olympics?
That is a massive FAIL. (I am being facetious  here.) I hate low-calorie anything  & it shows. LOL
That guy is gay with style. People like that sort of thing. The other two were gay with BBF. Best Boyfriends Forever. That's NG.
 Do you like your name?
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha i s
stick with it sanj  get's more useful the more you use. Don't follow this dick's example: http://tinyurl.com/6xe883
Gay fag.
tell her you are gay :)
Drupal sucks.
I hate when it happens to people that are nice. They don't deserve embarassment of that sort.
Happy birthday you damn sexy hobo!
Fuck that shit. I told people... "DON'T MAKE THAT ACCOUNT!" and someone had to do it. Fuck that shit.
haha... so you want to be a twitter slut... alright  fine... i'll be waiting for the moment you mature from a tease to a slut!
that's a shame  I hate having to unfollow someone! :-P
im fucking following edwards miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine &lt;33333333333 ummm ya :) i wanna see twilight again :)
Hell yeah the drunker the better...is drunker a word..more drunk? I think its more drunk? Fuck it our show is hood. drunkener
I'm taking a redo: What has two thumbs and a 4.0 GPA this semester? THIS BITCH RIGHT HERE!!  *gesticulates towards self with thumbs*
  Hmm we just had one but i cant remember what it was..haha oh well
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
Re: legalizing prostitution. I hate to oversimplify but "Duh" seems so fitting here. Like most repression  follow the money.
that sucks  I know he was looking forward to that hook up...
 Current worry?
and that makes you feel like "lifes a bitch"...  well in my opinion anyway :P
LOL. I personally am not ready for a finger ring. Cock ring I would do though. Thats just good times :)
 where in ohio are you from?
I hate to say it but I don't really feel up to it right now  and I haven't taken my pills. o.o
2 ?'s: when do u leave for cancun? when the fuck am i seeing u again? when do we go back to school? ok that was three. whatever.
 do you think you&;re fat?
damn..impressive
sigh.. I can telw you because altho you'll laugh at me at least you won't think I'm a freak or tell anyone.
dude no offence you're awesome but currently I think I hate you. :0)
 yea it&;s different from warm cali  but&;s cool :D weeeell gtg now :| gonna meet some friends i a few minutes lol.bye :] xx
like tha new 50 shit fire.  finally sum club gangsta shit i neede that!!! hook is catchy as fuck and 50 whas rappin good.
Damn... You caught me! I'm CRAZY jealous! ;)
  bitching. from everyone. be yourself but if you open your mouth and step on toes or say something that isn't what everyone wanted to hear then i should know better. it gets really old!! and im tired of hearing it. either take the truth and listen or dont and move on with your life.!!!!
Nuno Bettencourt ftw. Damn!
OMG  that is a total bitch! Those jerks play that game here too except they write big fine$ with the confiscations!
 How many drugs have you done in the past three days?
my hubby says no - he (freak) likes poodles. I like australian shepherds. So we're stuck w/ a mutt. But thx for the lead!
hmmm me either!!! well wait I've had like two... maybe more I dunno... I hate having my photo taken I do know that much!
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
  Heck no.
I gotta say  I found it pretty damn funny too...
left and right both... damn i'm tired! how are you going back at work?
 would you rather have a third leg or a third arm?
thats a good question.  most lawyers HATE that stuff.
  Why nott secret person(:
Ouch.  That sucks!!
Is the xbox controller involved in that to-do list? If so  I'm jealous. Damn you  productivity!
IT'S LIKE YOU HATE ME SO MUCH GREG!!!! SO MUUUUUUCH *cries*
 Hahaha  someone said like the same thing to me VVVVV &;cause I&;m &quot;Married&quot; to Chris XD
  ummmm idk haha
 u know who i like?? whoo????
 Hi tabi how&;s life
I am Dutch ;) Over here  there's a difference between the fat ho-ho santa and st. nicolas (sinterklaas).
 Why isnt there a mouse flavoured cat food?
  Uh I'm not totally sure right now  I'm sort of torn between two people.
  pepe?
Does he have favorite characters? I'd hate to get him the guy he hates :)
  There is no perfect lol but I suppose with a funny guy-polite  random and spontaneous  maybe a night out at a 70's club and dress up go to dinner before. haha that'd be fun!! :)
yep ur an uber nerd now
and somehow I still wish I was there  pig parts and all. Amazing.
 do you want to switch places with a male?
Damn he's doing sneeks for Nike and Louis Vuitton? Dude's gonna be rolling in dollar...
idk  my pumpkin cheesecake is damn yummy...
 what would the worse prank EVER be?
  Is it dina?
I've owned all Metal Gears(luv 'em) & own LittleBigPlanet (like it).But hate crossovers- esp. from incompatible game fictions.
  be true to others to hope others will be true to you
  yeah :)
 Whats your favourite song out at the minute?
Pains in the ass cause that twitch!!! I am telling ya
yep. I didn't think to go online and check calorie/fat count until AFTER dinner. Bummer.
whoever u give a chance to better be damn lucky and appreciative.
Agreed. Fuck Twitter Grader and all it's kin.
 If parents say  &quot;Never take candy from strangers&quot; then why do we celebrate Halloween?
 Do you like to travel by airplane?
For some damn reason I can't no freakin idea  my blocks haven't been working right lately
hah! nice. gunther parties are the best kind of parties. :) next is rhianna. all those songs we hate to love. lol.
 hmm didnt even know they existed...no wonder i feel like a complete retard when i cut stuff with a scissor
  im his wife :)
 Ever dropped a cell phone?
I need to see how this ravin rabids game works first. It'd all have to be in the ass moving. Maybe not moving enough = bad oral?
ur cultured as fuck 2day huh
Bey going to get her ass whipped!
Feeling cheeky?  @Facebook is on twitter - why not throw a snowball at him  lol!  (I hate those damn notifications!)  lol
I don't know about that... Drew's ass is pretty tiny.  :)  Knees work too... except Drew's knees don't work...
 wutchu mean u tellin me?r
says "no more pizzas for the situation room! or else we will be fat when the war is over..."
i hate you :-p and  i wish we had that discussion in my english class!
dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
I hate you so much.
Excited that yr friends get to see yr show. I hate them. ;) No  rly  I do. .....Sad that tonite is last show.  Hard to say goodbye?
poor thing. at least you got in okay. And you didnt have to sit next to a psycho bitch for 2 hours.
Teehee  I fucking love you. &lt;3 Also  you always make me twoosh. :)
still gettin my ass whooped on WII by mom. ur better off than I  sir.
dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
damn! Putting my chocolate cake to shame.
Looks like lobby card for "Ocean's 21: On the Half-Ass"
  the queens lol why would i say that oh well haha - weird :/
  haha okay. i think its funny i dont care.
ahah! and i'll say exactly what i'd say to him: "bitch make your own!" i kid:P
YOU"RE A GAY!? .... =) I &lt;3 you
fuck no  I don't want to be PM or even a politician. I'm just tired of getting anally raped without any lube.
yeah. and watch the fucked up guy on the front page of Blog. it sounds like he is about to have an "emo" speach.
spice fucking a pumpkin
hate their commercial with mom relaxing with salad while kids play-that place is TOO loud and full of tweens w/potty mouths!
Eat twat   you twitter whore.
dang...i need to stop eatting cheese. Damn you kraft!
  its okay unless it effects free will. but good morals and standards aren't bad to push on a child with no form or structure that needs it.
sure  I could use a lil snow here. The people would freak out here. LOL
that really sucks!
Smh I thought Soulja Boy Would Do some Good Numbers....This is When Parents Buy The Most Stuff For There Kids.....Damn Bad Times...
ha! Probably Lee. That bitch fights dirty! You can totally tell. Look at those shorts!
no  she'll be back. i say fuck it all.
It sucks :(
 Have you done something bad today?
@avidd werd up to nerd recharge.
i hate when that happens.
lol. SAVE THE WHALE! post more.
  dad.
You're lucky you're not currently in Bethlehem. Try having to constantly hear it. I hate it more! And the tourists suck worse.
 duhh . im da only onee dhatt typee likee dhatt !
leave u with this....at least my dick still on my body unlike your stacy bump STD ass
he was so fucking cute this morning! I didn't want to leave :)
ok I take you off of my hate list and send you hugs  I am in business..this is my alter ego. mwahahah
I hate that. Stupid Gator fans. Making Christians look bad. :)
  back to you
  lmaoo!!!!
what does fat got to do with it?
damn  that's how u feel?
Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
goddamn it kj...fuck you 49 times http://tinyurl.com/5mq4sq
i hate you! i want to be in bed :(
@Lgrun @cheapcheapcheap You know things are bad when you don't even get a fail whale.  Just a "page not found"!
  hahahahah lmao sorry i deleted it  but i thought you ent like you didnt aprove of it hahah
They all live in the town in which I grew up  which I hate. So I'm not sure we would get along now. Willing to give it a chance tho.
SuperShuttle sucks  PrimeTime Shuttle sucks: LAX is the only airport where the parking is worth the cost
damn.  did you buy bitchy too?
  nahh
i want a cat. they use litter boxes instead of the fucking floor. and yes  Natalie Portman is way cuter.
i'on't hate on anything / anyone that doesn't give me a reason.
oh I hate auto DMs like that!
less #damn-fridays  more #bad_wookie_pun
  I LOVE Sudoku's :] Read  Paint  I think I would be just fine recovering :)
don't know what a tranny is but techno and woman I can put those two together... I really hate that word BTW
damn..im tired just reading that shit..we gotta have a bday shot on sat!
damn oh if only he could fly he could take me to his gaff(house) then
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
Let's see what else comes my way  and then we'll see.  I hate to take your gift card.  LOL
Damn  something else I wish I would have come up with...Genius!!
And I want a mansion in the countryside  a motorcycle  two cars  wife  kid  dog and a big fat wallet that says bad motherfucker.
get drumk bitch!
It sucks to be done with exams n still be @ Mayag.
 Have you kissed more than ten people this year?
i don't know that bambi's ass is a nice place. LOL
If you guys are having the problem that pages aren't fucking loading  then I'm having the same problems too.
? Text me bitch!!! :)
You know  I'd love to see the Bibliography or Wikipedia entry that cites your ass as a reference. We need to make this happen.
yeah... it sucks...
-politicians should have to pass an ethics exam 2x yearly. I wonder if that's a piss test for them?
Safest not to get on the airplane at all  IMO.Hate to fly  though going to grit my teeth & do it again in Feb after 8 yrs. :-(
How Mr. Smith get the internet on that huge ass home theater? I bet he is cool to hang with!
fuck Dreamhost. that is all.
 Ballfuck  she&;s real. Get over it. vv
Way to be a dick.
I hate chris
oh wow  that really sucks. :/
  everywhere :( its awful. ha
...dude  I&#8217;m a producer and exporter of IP content which COSTS to make and I don&#8217;t live in a mansion. And I hate hypocrites.
- blow it out your Manhattanite ass.  Jeff Zucker doesn't pay for all of our spa days at Garren NY.
 Are you more of a proton or a neutron?
  no.
 haaa its all qud  sorry abouht the &quot;hoe&quot; thinq  iwas mad lol
 Have any of you girls used the mens restroom before? Guys have you used the womens restroom? I saw a guy today going into the girls restroom cuz the mens was being cleaned lol!!! i was just like wtf?lol
Yeah  the Christmas special was awesome. I hope every fucking episode isn't going to cocktease a new Doctor until Tennant is gone.
Nerd.
 Do you know anyone in prison?
 Have you ever ran with scissors in your hand?
I always thought of him as Hermy  the wannabe dentist.
haha  i hate it when that happens
  which one? kuz iThink yew tawking bout mi ex
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
  i love you to :D
it sounded a lot like that  actually. Fucking Hagrid.
You won't miss much.  Her husband is cheating  she's pregnant  he's an ax murderer  her son is gay. That's pretty much the soaps
I hate when I text somebody and they immediately call me.  Hey fuckface  if I wanted to hear your ugly voice I would have called you!
im sorry bro. Fuck that bitch.
  YESSSSSS. i love to dance :]
don't you hate that?  Though I have so much product to make by the weekend I wish it was Tuesday.
YOU SUNNUVA BITCH. / @TarinTowers: Only one week of spoons to go!
heard there were 2do fairies tht come & do ur 2do list if u put a list by the freplce (kinda like leaving cookies 4 the fat guy)
& @babysinead i've never even met him in person. he's a fucking douche.
all the emo people will explode :o
i was listening to that today!!!! Freak Scene is one of the best songs of all time. Also  possibly 'Wagon'.
Damn!! I was hoping you were giving me good news otherwise!
Welkom ! Dat Apple freak deed me besluiten je maar te volgen :)
fuck yes!  I love it when straight boys gimme fun christmas stuffs  because it NEVER happens! thanks! I feel special. hahahahahaha.
omfgshz. i hate lemonbars with a DEEP passion  too!
fuck betty she killed me...
Jerry IS Cowboy's problem. He won't hire real coach  'cuz then the credit wouldn't go to him. He's poster child for attn whore.
oh you know i can so totally kick your ass :)
  Vagabond.
LIKE BITCH WUSSUP! Ahahaha
  i dont handle it
 What did you think about before bed last night?
I almost punched her vagina into the new year... grrr she was a cunt bag. How is your trip going?
  only one car.. :( booo
ha not that creepy. because it's week 10 and I'm fucking stressed out as hell. I wish I could take a trip down there x.x
the only good thing about telus is there cell phones. Everything else sucks shit!
Damn what the hell is the deal with the Drama Queens coming out of the woodwork lately?
And I HATE gangsters &gt;.&gt;
I agree. I hate the trend I see in which I get a generic DM after I follow someone. It's like an anti-welcome.
watch gg instead. And he was like  "I can't get this fucking thing to work and everyone is sending me fucking instant messagi ...
tx.. may you have a kick-ass 09!
dude after last night goddamn I am beat the fuck up. And it's NEGATIVE 44 DEGREES up here in Winnipeg. So crazy...
I'd die first. Damn fareway.
Ugh. That truly sucks :(
nigga u geigh lmao! fuck yo finals beeeeeitch
god damn you.
Fuck the pics! @giove_dea WE WANT VIDS!!
now im lookin' at all the failed stripper pole attempts..damn u juicee...damn u
 If you could become any fictional character  who would you be?
I'm giving you fair warning to hate; high of 73 on wednesday  78 on thurs
haha it was great... i hate how the audio lags so badly though... it'd be more fun in real time lol
i am almost to that point. which sucks  because i had it set up perfectly :(
  most of the time
  April. my sisterr Timothy  my boyfriendr Dad. r r My very best would probably be........r April. She knows me best. Always. and how to handle me.
whaha ja maar het is zon raar idee dat ze dat lezen xD en dat BOB FUCKING BRYAR iets tegen me 'gezegt' heeft xD je moet vragen o
evilbeet  do u not feel that when u watch jon & kate plus 8 its fucking "in ur face" and purely advertisements?
lmao damn! thats all I can muster...
well damn lol
- Yea man these big bloggers always think they are the best.. Will have to show them X-( I fking hate Big bloggers..
how are you drunk bro? DAMN I.. it's only 2PM
 If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so you never had to do it again  what would it be?
 Now that you&apos;ve slept with two different people in a row  you seem to be having an excellent day because you just came across a hundred-dollar bill on the sidewalk. Holy shit  a hundred bucks! How are you gonna spend it?
hahaha internet is damn slow today
fuck you haha
BWahahahahah!!! Now you know why I had to take extensions on my damn documentation projects!! Stupid Twitter! *kicks his gf's pc*
lmao.............It really is a wonderful thing is'nt it??  lol................damn makes me happy :)
 What body part do you wash first?
Gypsy bitch!!!!!
I flat hate when things get "silly" like this AND it's all of a $16 000 sale on top of it. A time eater that's for sure...
Haha  damn him indeed
OMG  you fucking got them didnt you?!?!?! I'm so jealous!!!!
 If you could go to a planet  which would it be?
 Are you awaiting piercings/tattoos?
@mekdot yo...heroes sucks!!! I loved season 1  despised 2 and feel like season 3 is a lousy high school special. BOO HISS BOO!!
yo why u always tweetin' about boy problems ?? Fuck nikkas  get money  stay focused son!!! I know you a Hustla & Hard worker!!
That sucks.  Hope that gets resolved quickly for you.
  I don't . but when i was little  sweet and sour sauce from mickey d's :] hahahha
My pussy remembers what u do! Lol :)
Emo damage?
Damn  I miss The Mark Show sometimes. :-)
ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
Sweeps Week: Meryl Streep plays gay arsonist on COPS!
damn fwy is still all red! What's wrong with people?
today its warm though  crazy ass Cali weather
  vampire :)
 Do you enjoy giving hugs?
Nocturnal does indeed kick ass. Be sure to go back and listen to his other stuff  if you haven't already. ONE MORE HIT LEFT!
Ughk! That's disgusting. They must be fat girls...lol. And that price thing is true  but I'm not sold.
 your opinion really helped ;> thanks ;>
Oldest son just turned 19 months and youngest is 5 weeks old. Damn dude  u look too young to have a 17 year old! :)
yeah and its really cute that i filmed two weddings that need to be edited and I CANT because my uncle sucks hard.
 Would you ever look down on someone else for having a abortion?
 ! w@N+ yUh +0 $M@(K m3 &amp; m@k3 dH@ SEx w!Ld n h0+
  I have no idea. Haven't seen the commerical.
  Not at all
lol I know... very well mannered... aren't I? But it's TRUE!! I hate that we have to choose such a small number... not fair.
 If the professor on Giligan&apos;s Island can make a radio out of coconut  why can&apos;t he fix a hole in a boat?
THIS is why i hate the snow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i am  just so behind now . . it sucks.
 http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=C1o6s
  wow
im glad you can drive. Cuz damn.
fail whale?
I'm kinda meh on it--It wouldn't even be a contest as Madonna would kick his ass while he was running around screaming.
I thinks you meant to say that TWILIGHT was epic fail  not your mistake. I hate stephanie meyer and I've never even met her.
that sucks... she should prolly just change her major lol
 If the universe is everything  and scientists say that the universe is expanding  what do you think it is expanding into?
so fucking angry all the time
  repeat question
who are you? oh uhmmmm HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU FRENCH WHORE! @ClarissssssA Bed time last time im telling you &lt;33333333 gots thats  ...
I have to edit comments all the time - for some really strange reason I get all this hate mail on my blog WTF LOLZ!!!1!
  no freaking way what???
 Have you ever kissed someone on the beach?
dick van dyke is way cooler too.
Hope so  but damn. I want out of here. *grumbles*
you're channeling William Gibson or Philip K. Dick with that last tweet  haven't decided which yet.
@iandrea is a GEEK  not a nerd!
  lmao rite chea boo hehe
damn those Jets!  Hears hoping for happier fucks in the future. *blinks*
 Kick ass  as usual... Give me a shout via DM or email once you're done with the training  okay? Thanks  Matt. sk
  your moms house
 Sleepin around is for whores. LOL
guess who made a fucking surprise in my dreams last night you butthead!!! thanks to you Martha Stewert loves my dreams! baaah
 is english your primary language?
 @steph125 says fag... no one likes jacob...  and im starting to  question ur 2nd to last twitter...
that is too damn cute!!
 If K.F.C Stands for Kentucky Fried Chicken  Why do they play sweet home Alabama on the comercials?
cont. I would get embarraced  I didnt do drugs but was like a HUGE man with what I could handle?sucks I guess if I wanted to ; )
  i really like my friend.r but its complicated.
 ass face -_-
 whats ur fav tv showww? :D <3
  why do i cause so much drama? :(
Compared to Eeyore and that stupid bear and that demented pig? I think he&#8217;s fine.
wow  damn I would have been pissed @ that...
 Are you more of a talker or more of a listener?
  nope never. would never.
 i see you still like frances ;)
lol just rhyming  gay i know
 How would you describe yourself in 3 words?
OMG  that is a total bitch! Those jerks play that game here too except they write big fine$ with the confiscations!
  bahaha thats funny and yes
You're fine  but people with a Blip every 3-4 mins get the fat unfollow.
Mostly good I think. Sorry to hear about your phone. That sucks!!!
I am getting brown sugar chunks and I hate that!!
Checked out the site and subscribed on iTunes. I'll give a podcast a listen (am a bit of a podcast freak - usually tech)
yea the weather sucks. At least you missed the 8 degree weather though lol.
Oh yeah. That would be a good one. I still think they could kick ass doing "Got to Get You Into My Life."
Olivia you dick! I have your phone and your wallet!
 Have you ever found something in your clothes you didn&;t know was there?
  bahaha i doubt it
I'm counting down the milliseconds til you OPEN THE DAMN BOX.  if I have the patience of a saint  you have the willpower of a GOD.
 If you could have anyone locked in a room so that you could torment them for a day  whom would you choose  and how would you torment them?
YOU are not a loser  your a good mom and you speak your mind. Sorry your feeling down  feel better.
Damn  they had frontiers there! next time. have you seen The ordeal?
  tell mi wat ya want mi tew do nd iWill work it out
  Thanks for the memo  if you would reveal your identity we could continue this conversation in depth :)
Don't be teased.. Just get your ass over here and it'll solve the problem!
yeah  I'm okay. Thong was wedged far enough up my ass that it prevented me from shitting my pants out of fear.
  Ummm probably playing softball for 10 years(:
FUCK.
  a few  times
damn your evil 60 minute IPA beckoning me from the fridge right now...
on WESTCOAST TIME u early ass eastcoasters!!
I was a Firefox addict  but then FF3 started to crash on my Vista machine at work like a bitch so I decided to abandon it....
 Where you do want to grow old?
u know it was over $1200 2 get that bar replaced. George is gonna take that outta thier ass LOL
omg is he like 19? MUAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA you're such a fucking cradle snatcher  bb.
would be at least 4gb at a guess. I ain't using it ATM  if you don't leech ur ass off you're welcome to lend it
doesn't Ronson ALWAYS win???  That shit is dope as FUCK BTW.
that's a shame  I hate having to unfollow someone! :-P
 Wow you&;re fucking stupid. You told a girl whoo had her info showing &quot;Show your face anonymus&quot; and your comebacks fucking suck. &quot;Fighting over the Internet is like being in the special olympics  even when you win  you&;re still retarded.&quot;
  What? Who is this?
wht the fuck Ever go get a Life I'm DONE  w/ yr DRAMA  & yr FUCKED up life  & yes go ahead & RT if u rlly don't have a life
  POP!
 what does lol mean?
Wow  you're hard core.  I was just gonna  you know  exercise more and try to eat less.  Damn.  :)
Sure. Well  long day being going to five stores in a row. I hate shopping.
  like 3 months
I REALLY hate it when I sneeze  burp  and hiccup at the same time D:&lt;
not on your life  dick-tongue
Indeed. But the Collier conversation relationship head up your gleeful ass kumbaya stuff needs to be put out with the trash.
that sucks. People are stupid.
  Julia Roberts.
- French? No  he's Scottish by damn! lol
 hahahahahhahahhaahhahahahah vvv ayee fix yerr infoooo ->>
Damn fam... if I was  a hater I'd be jealous... lol
it's emo because you used a razor. An explained joke isn't funny. :(
  ice cream :)
I think that's generallyt true about the element of hate but some crimes aren't personal like burglary. Some like this are.
FUCK BROWNIES  LONG LIVE COOKIES
 Think fast!  Name one song that starts with the letter N!
 when i was young  i used to hate terry preichet!because i compared him to tolkien... pretty dumb in hindsight!
  I can sleep in anything when im really tired lol
psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
dupa cum vezi  eu mai putin cu excelurile  mai mult cu povestile ;o]
 are you fat?
careful  soy joy will give you bitch tits!
 When you were little did you ever go ahhh infront of the fan?
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
 Wow...so you bought what's fashionable at...gay biker bars!!!  Congrats!!!  :-)
 baha  actually  im going to go on now :) BITCH ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID? >.> the REAL ashlee has a proof video  your dumb  your probably just some old man behind a computer screen<3 go fuck yourself<3
good! i hate digg...it's way too gamed
You make me look extremly lazy and fat. haha.
 if you and jaybee got married and have kids i actually think  the kids would be cute. just saying.
early eh? damn.
lol exactly. "Hey guys  how about a 13-sided paralellogram? THAT'LL fuck em up!
Thanks Lisa. You'd hate it here right now! It's pouring again!
That they do. Fucking sea cows. Where do they come off?
  Cause they'll get more stale and soft. Duhhhhh?
  Chocolate;
I DARE DAT ASS 2 SAY SUMTHAN ELSE STUPID U DA STUPID BITCH!
LMAO. Dont you like to piss off everyone as a rule?
 & @karkar  I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
HAHA  please have a huge party now...just to piss them off
got damn...you musta had them puppy dog eyes goin on...
Mind your own state politics. Joe Smith was a mammal before a prophet. Some mammals are gay and even heterosexuals have anal sex.
awwww im sorry to hear i know you and steph were so excited to move too :( i hate your neighbors sooo much!!!
Haha. Should we start in on pussy?
 Your face is nastyy
112 feet long? Damn!
spazmatics...they play 80's songs at the casino...fucking awesome.
  my sweet sixteen ring.
Hey CRTs kick ass... I love the Viewsonics and some of the Sonys
Isn't the blanket recall happening because all Irish pig farmers use the same tainted pig food products?
 ill play ya saturday
aww...it never snows in texas. it snowed a few years ago. but that was just a freak accident! it hadn't snowed for 100 years.
so do I! But its the task of getting off my ass and going to get it. Gahh
 Ever looked at a guy and then checked out his Package ??
bwahahaha  I just said "yes I'm leavin and ya'll can kiss my ass". They thought I was joking (I was... sorta)
Damn iPhone made my Brad & Angelina pick blurry!  http://twitpic.com/rddb
Did...I mention that among my new disciplines are Dementation  Dominate  Presence  and Obtenebration?  I am fucking AWESOME.
 Where does the toetag go on a dead person if they don&;t have toes?
I'm on my way just to get gas and saw a 314. Damn it.
  DOnt PULL ovER!!! Never do that. Just keep going until your somewhere public and really well lighted all around. and then maybe go there until they leave. idk that would be freaky
  i wouldnt catch one.
He doesn't seem clueless to me. He seems sweet and cute and witty and eloquent and charming. *swoon* Damn the luck.
YAY OR NAY OR GAY?
Why bother doing anything? (Post-nerd procrastination?)
 That&;s all for tonight  peeps.  Remember to send me a message in my inbox if you don&;t want any further questions from me.  :)
I hate smudges. Used to keep a bottle of white acrylic and a fine brush handy. Mostly for highlights. Wite-Out turns yellow.
Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
 B muhh qirl babe   cuhh I kan qive you thaa world <3
These fuckin FOOLISH ass atheletes !!! 35 mill down the drain    not to mention a great Giants season..WHY ?!?!?!?!
yeah  i'm on it Mr. don't return calls for a christmas gift...and times are hard bitch..t-mobile can wait!
  because it is fucking awesome :D
  repeat
oh there you go! HA are we rebels or what? damn we should have our own show.
what an ass - who the hell says things like that. I'd report the fucker
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
Gay men love me. Wait till they all start Twittering each other. They will find the @cheeky_geeky.
Hell yes. Waiting in the rain for a bus sucks already. But waiting in the rain for a 4.16 bus that strolls up at 4.30 is worse.
Wel get ur ass over here just dnt be loud guh im tipsy as hel i may get sum juic frm u
damn  i'm trying to watch a movie...the tweets are going off the huck. :P lol just kidding  don't get pissed alright? ?:D:D:Dlololol
you know what  fuck it I'm doing "Jew-Boy money"
 well wat if he asks u out  would say yes or NO cause u like pryce :D
Oh ok! Well  I'm gonna be damn busy for the next 6 months  as I need to work day & night to expand my online thingy. Good luck!
I have no idea why I live here. It sucks in the winter.
that sucks;{
After about the sixth dimension that video becomes a total mind fuck!
bitch ass hot sounds pretty crappy.
 If you could be any celebrity for a day  who would you be?
 who&;s the prettiest person you know?
i think i've upgraded to a full sugar whore. i need help. lol.
Foot fetish? I dont think so... i think its the fact you have on leg cuffed and the other one isn't... not very post gay!
Haha! Well Cyprus Bank's web interface sucks... So I'm considering trying out Alpha Bank. Also my landlord has Alpha bank... lol
are you just acting like a dick now?
I prefer laughing at them whenever possible. Like terrorists  Leftists hate that more than anything else  even physical attacks.
Are you laughing your ass off with all these "juicy" twits?
YES! That's what I hate. It's like they were 'ugh wtf coffee break' and had someone else finish it.
no doubt. Teach that kid how to read the bounce or block out...damn.
  yes. like most websites i think people are addicted to having something to do :)
 have you ever had Chicken Pox?
Game Junkie. I still want to play with you someday. I wish I knew some good games ):  /deadpoor You'd probably kick my ass  though.
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
:(( @ tweet tweet you cookie crumble ass nigga
to b more complete (if u r Twittering Hugh): I don't think Hugh Jackman is gay.
oh girl  you know you've been there. ;)  I hate that damn pony.
Is that a monkey in your pants...or are you just fucking crazy?
 Surprise parties u2013 yes  or no? Why or why not?
oh DAMN.  I should be SO much more sophisticated  but that IS a cool #song.  OK  except that last bit.  eep.  a little too #MS
Now wait a second mr fanboy. You cant judge it without seeing it. You already think it sucks and its not even out.
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
 yeah and I woulda gotten away with it if it wasnt for you damn kids...
  Brussel srouts! YuCkIE! bhut i love cabbage and they're mini cabbages! LMAO!
You? Fat? Never! And you might not be my fangirl anymore after you see mine. Kirstie Alley = Me
That was fucking hilarious... WIN
and you're a smug cunt  so it must be true!
 Josh needs medication. Stat. Can i kick his ass for you now?
sucks. After jerking me around for days on setup  they FINALLY applied free service... YEA RIGHT. Just got bill for time the promis
http://twitpic.com/xn5j - I want to suck your hard cock ....untie you and cum all I over my  face over lord Saltan.
lol. True. But I think my ass could use a down-sizing. Plus  I don't have money for a new wardrobe just to accommodate a new ass.
  people writing nice things about me and funny stuff lol :)
oh  those damn germ carriers! Hope u feel better!
I'm keeping it now *just* to piss you off. hehehe
that sucks.  do they have free WiFi there at SEATAC?
 y0 d!(K !s$$$zz f3r0usi0s
 And why would you fight for her   jst asken
Damn must get ready for work...*loves* I miss U
gotta love the gay kid who was drumming trying to get his head in the pic tho HAHA
 pissed off? I'm ready to go Mumbai on their fucking asses. We're too soft. We need to start blowing shit up.
- hahaha .. you're silly! but dayum it's 10:22AM and i'm still kinda limping from my hip hurting THAT badly .. it sucks!
Male Chauvinist Pig. :P
  sure
  ummm wtf? i still might go to weatherford and who was i ever mean to other than when i was standing up for myself?
 Do you believe in luck?
Poor dear! Stay hydrated  fix some chicken soup  and nap as much as you can. Hate office hand-me-downs. sigh (((Hugs)))
 heyyy  your an ugly fucking bitch  you think your sexy? haha  you ain&;t shit besides an ugly bitch. &amp; beware of what? ill fucking put your shit on blast. fucking stupid ass cunt. fuck off  &amp; stop hatein on peoples pages before i go off on your ugly ass.
GOD. You HATE US  don't you  George?! ::runs away crying::
fuck fox news...
Whatever... I just hate how the popularity of bands seems to inversely affect how much people are allowed to like them
http://twitpic.com/qtt0 - O.O bingo is waaaaay to hard for me. hate it. i wanna fuck it..wait thats didnt come out right
that kicks much ass to hear you say that! (or  "see you twitter that " more accurately)
Thanks for the Favrd. All followers  Fave and @shortyawards my tweets. Damn that was hard to say. Still here.
well  I was a super biology nerd in high school and voted most artistic. so  it was a hard decision on what I should do.
What shall we call this gang? Initiation rights must begin with downing a Fail Whale.
  serious? your so lucky
 What was the last gift that you gave someone?
 no body likes yuuuuuuu!
  Basketball<3
that! and I hate the plane-gobblin!
 Are you silly or serious?
I'm sorry that you and your idiot friends insist on persisting in your senile  psychotic rants. Truly u r a bitch.
  Only if i've had a bad day.
 fuck yo shit homie!
 the only thing that can make me want to jump of a building is ___________.
yo fuck that dude 4 realz!!! it was allz cuz u  me   "animal" & "marc delicious" were so stupid-ass-rodimus prime fantabibulous!
Exactly. Poor kids. That damn thing has me watching weird videos on YouTube now. Argh.
why would u say fat people are dumb?
  yea my sister
That sucks - at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
  yupz yupz hehe
Ah  I hate that. We get the mormons every now and then. Last time it was a really hot day  and my dad offered the guy some water. &gt;.&lt;
 What do you think of my new graphic?  http://poetic-beauty81.deviantart.com/art/A-Rok-Shining-Star-163949988
social network whore!
Let that pussy freeze. Rotten bitey little bastard.
is het -5?! fuck..
 What do you think is your most attractive feature?
I think "pant" is some strange fashion insider word. That's why I hate it- ha ha! &#9786;
Fuck me  I just spent 15 minutes trying to think of an example and I'm coming up dry. =P All I remember is wondering to myself
because I hate you. The last one I rewrote cuz there was a typo and it was bothering me
Alan  I think you might as well give my spot away to someone else. I'm just too damn sick to sound like my charity is good. :'(
 Why do people always think something can&;t happen to them  until it does?
i hate when people bike anywhere apart from the sidewalk. i would run you over in an instant!
 What if god was one of us?
because someone that im not friends with anymore bought the shoes that i want just to piss me off. but im better now.
can you please make me a dance your ass off video? Kthxbye.
that sucks big time.
 as a kid did you have a collection of anything? (Shayla&;s pawpaw buys her a kids Harley shirt from every store he stops at.)
 Are you scared to lose the person you fell the hardest for? Are you still with this person or have you already lost them?
same here...i got new sox they are pink and black...even though i hate pink...they are striped.......................
haha  that's funny...this stuff is ridiculous. No wonder people hate these guys.
Lol  I'm not enough of a LOTR nerd to need to install Tolkien fonts. :)
whats the operating system on it? i have windows vista and vista sucks bad..it is full of bugs still. shuts down and freezing alot
  you! :]
  none. haha
 growl;]
  because theyre priorities in life are to live and be happy with those around them. not what they have and their neighbor may have more than them....theres a lot more to life than material. plus they dont know any different to them that is life.
That sucks. My first account is still banned for hacking. (mate sent em to me) lost all mah games. :(
Yeah. I know he doesn't mean to be a douche and that I'm a huge bitch for being this upset over it. But it still upsets me.
P33T WIFF HIS BIG GAY TEEFS!!! BRYCE FROM TRS AND HIM SHOULD HAVE BABIES AND THEY'D HAVE AMASING TEEFS
My grandmother is a big bitch and my father's a fraking arsehole.
i need some of that money to get some of that tryfe heatery...the freeway shit was BOOOOOOONKERS!!! you killed that damn beat fam...
I'm gonna damn well try  anyway - though still  GAAAH! And when you say 'surprise'  I have The Minor Fear.
 If you had the chose to be a demon  a vampire  or a elf which would you be?
 how can we make a big difference in this world?
  Okay thenn?
 if you were to be a bird  what would it be?
The pig of shame? Lol! Is that like the aardvark of discontent?
 what fascinates you?
oooooooohhhhhhh sh*t! Damn where all the white women at! Come on! Hahaha (so is that why celebs "crossover" when they make it)
Good night  sugar. It will get better! I'm always here if you want to piss and moan (or cry and whine). XO
motherfucker stop drinking Red Bull ADDICT! watch ulcers eat at your stomach lining bitch!
Wow  that's bad-ass. You're like Stanley now. Well  even more so...
 r Has anybody ever told you that &quot;you could do so much better&quot; about a person?
dropping nuke and all are old trends.......tell them tht u will remove Vimax ads fom thr site if they piss u off :)
Wow! That sucks. I wonder why?
83 in winter? HATE HATE HATE
  smile hahah and say thank you :)
that sucks loxy. I wish there was smtg I could do! Is chury back in cgy as well?
i wish i worked at AIG. i'd be getting a swedish massage  luxury corp off-site and a big fat christmas bonus check right now.
  ewww why would you wanna know this shit
Damn  that sounds good!  lol.  Now I don't remember what I wanted to eat tonight.
grown ass kid lol
I hate you
fuck the world? Or for the win
You always fuck around. LOL. :p
I don't know about that... Drew's ass is pretty tiny.  :)  Knees work too... except Drew's knees don't work...
lmao that sucks.
damn dude  we just missed each other in phoenix
 what&;s the funnest place you have ever traveled?
Lol and thanks for the challenge  but I think I need to be a little less fat first. Didn't know @karrock was local?
no!!!! Ahhh he is fucking crazy hes been killing himself since yesterday still nothing!
 Hey smexy wanna fuck?? How bout we do some 69 all night long? Sounds good k I&;ll be in your bed waiting sexy bitch! ;D
 If you had access to a time machine  where and when would be the first place you travel to?
 Do you have a fetish?
which fucking idiot this time? LMFAO N.E.R.D. said it best  this song's about...........YOU
 To the question below  when you said: im not fat? Arent you suppose to say I&;m not fat  PERIOD? Cause if you put a question mark your saying your fat. DUMMY.
 If there was an amendment that you could flawlessly enforce  which would it be..why?
 what&;s your most used word?
haha. Don't ever let it get that bushy. I hate when guys have extremely long facial hair. TRIM PLEZ KTHNX.
um...wow...tough one... Maybe  two or three people? (and even then  it better be for a damn good reason...;))
mark Ya! Dick head old man!
Damon and Carlton from LOST are GAY!!!!
  Do you go to Poly?
  ..
Excited that yr friends get to see yr show. I hate them. ;) No  rly  I do. .....Sad that tonite is last show.  Hard to say goodbye?
 spiit yo gamme niqqa aha
Damn skippy. I should be dead 10 times over......
  With love all things are possible. its scary.
 Did you talk to someone until you fell asleep last night?
 Do you think life is fair?
riding home with walt on my back... that way if i fuck up i can just jump in his jeep! thanks tho :0)
 why do we say &quot;heads up&quot; when we actually duck?
 Do you really know all the words to your national anthem?
Wow  that sucks - work at home day?  @PrincessErsatz - I couldn't agree more - good day to be under the covers  relaxing.
 What&;s the best place near you to get a drink?
  not at the time
aw man  that sucks!
  used to be until i got a super jealous boyfriend that doesn't like me to text anyone..
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
 I have all my questions do you guys have them??
Well...  that's a pretty damn good reason!  Fuck.
lord knows with my name Ive been called many damn variations..But ok truce..Put my Z back. U get ur slithering S's *cuts eye*
  No and yes :] wanna read it though!
  yep  stop useing our jokes
  guilty pleasure by cobra starship :D fangs up! <3
~santi~"
Top Notch click!  DONT HATE hater!  u mad cuz u broke  using a playstation as a cd player.
damn that's fucked up Hawthorne is out of the way
 Ha! Yeah  that caught my attention  too. Now wait & watch for Red Wings fans to freak. I'm gonna make popcorn for that show :)
Do you hate the iMac because it looks edible :) or because (it must be) soooo slow?  Or not a Mac guy?
 have you ever seen the goonies? if yes then what character do you most relate with?
damn straight
SHUT THE FUCK UP! What?! Why does Micky Rouke have ur #?
That sucks.
 do you like politics?
damn australians!
  kkkk
damn  je hebt me door
FUCK YEAH RYAN ROSS. il his lyrics way more than wbeckett's tbh  i donut care if they make no sense. BTW rolling stone FAILS.
fuck you  merten.
You don't even know that half  trust me sallie mae is the one bitch I wish I could divorce right now
I hate you and your steelers.
 Do you believe that the guy should pay on the first date?
- Uh... Fail Whale? What Fail Whale? *whistling non-chalantly*
http://twitpic.com/t9za - owwwwwww damn.. dedication  tis why I admire this man!
Well that sucks.
well i have other people following me outside of blogtv kiddies. i don't want to piss them off :-(
LOL that would be scary! And yes  even if it is "positively" no woman wants to hear that! :) Plump  fat  chubby are no good!
stuff like building the forums is what I do when writing is kicking my ass  that's how I do it ;)
  nahhh
all too fucking familiar
dating a 4 year old? Damn. You're faster than me. I only caught 3 year olds name.
Unless D steals your insulin again. Fuck D.   _o /
Well I have been in other maternity pants for several weeks  but can no longer comfortably zip my "fat" jeans-Liz Lange mid-belly!
OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
  someone
I nominate @PRsarahevans for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because... Shes damn good at everything to do with Social Media.
 oh frances hunny dont try and talk all ghetto your white ass doesnt fucking scare me  i will break you in fucking half.
  you should ask my sister that. shes obsessed with SNL.r sweetiepie18 <------------- i have no idea. i dont watch it.
  I think it's no different than a woman to hit a man than a man to hit a woman  first of all. But up foremost  I believe that If a man is willing to hit a female  whom is half the size  half the strength  half the fury  then the man is half of what a real man is. He's gotta make up for something else if he feels the need to take advantage of a being thats smaller and weaker that themselves or thier own. r r Hence don't think im not a feminist like all other strong figured  well headed  a female can do anything a man can do  but lets face reality and we can't. So when it comes down to it  theres nooo reason a male should ever hit another female. Ever.
The fail whale was shown when twitter went down. It was a whale being lifted by birds.
I hate em..
I do? Damn! But it's FOUR hours! After an hour + of plane ride!
damn right.
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
I hate when I text somebody and they immediately call me.  Hey fuckface  if I wanted to hear your ugly voice I would have called you!
  tim.&amp; i dont think men are hot.
  Shrug it off. I'm prolly there to have a good time so i wouldnt phase it.
im in the same damn boat!!!!!!
oh that sucks.
nah i hate watermarks.. plus i should stop being a hypocrite though as i post things out of google image search on the regular.
Fuck that shit. She wasn't even right about the older men I was hitting on.
 fuckk wee havee to muchh hatersss.!!<33 butt i lahh yhuu lexiii(: myy awesomestt step sisterr<3
  I think it was horrible and people forget that things like that have happened! It happened for reasons unbelievable but im sure its because the kid wanted attention and was just acting out in an insane way. Its hard to know why it really happened.
slap a bitch? What you want to do is CHOKE A BITCH like Wayne Brady!
  Sassy. she was a cat. i hate cat's now. funny and weird huh?
- Latest video kicked ass.  It's nice to know that some people know they have to put effort into listening. :)
DAMN! thats alot of lights!
ah yes us all believeing in modern medicine and such . damn us !
  Strawberry-Banana Smoothies from Jack in the Box ;D Yah dig?
 Visited your site and love what you stand for - lots of people share the love of the biz and hate the way it's been abused
 Is that a problem?
Oh a fellow spelling freak!I can't stand looking at a wrongly spelled word.Haha one of my many quirks.
 Do you like hugging people when you meet them or are you uncomfortable doing this?
  Hmmm i dont have one right off hand?
God Ashley is a bitch  but still  congrats! :)
  Hell yeaaa how'd youu knoww?
  hahahahahahaha  its a curse i wish i could yell at you :) ha. i love you to :) annnddd thankyou
everything you like I hate everything I like u hate....hmmmm lol
unnecessary.  pain in the ass.  too much effort.
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
The FA50 is a low key ultra here in ATL. It stands for Fat Ass 50K. Loop course  so you could do 25K...Half Ass.
it is not only terrible... it really sucks.
  My independence.
Fuck me  I wondered where HE was! LMAO!
 do you listen to your mom??
 WTF are you talking about Men? No men thats not a menage  that's just gay.
i hate facebook too..i get so angry when i find myself on it...
  Dang like 6 or 7 years ago. Its been a while..
can only handle so much pussy control...and the doves make me cry
 right now I'm on this Mikkeller barley wine joint. I stepped on some crazy smoked beer I got earlier like a fucking retard
 Josh needs medication. Stat. Can i kick his ass for you now?
unless Adobe gets their head out of their ass Flash will die because mobile will be the dominant platform.
twins! we've been watching this one guy  he sucks with a hammer
  kkkkk
Oh  no.   I HATE a thief!     Ah well  what goes around comes around.
I love Dick Clark  but why don't they leave him alone!!!
Damn son  you drive a tank? It costs me less than $25.
i'm not emo. I'm fucking happy!
 Can you cry under water?
The #9  This fucking blows... good thing I've had a good book to read. And I'm supposed to make an appt at 3pm?
 Have you ever walked away from someone who meant alot to you?
Go back to your pork fat radio!
 Have you ever eaten an entire pint  or more  ice cream by yourself?
Nose? Newspaper? Net? Nerd? Neck? (Am I making you cringe yet? No? Hmmm  must not have the right word... ;-) )
 Loser !! <3
 If you could bring one character to life from your favorite book  who would it be?
Damn dude...
  lmao hahahahahahahahaha.your my favorite ever  unless your eric.
Damn Girl! Aww  that'll be cake at the rate YOU are chalking them up. Nice seasonal pic and awesome tweets btw.
  Nope.
you should come make that for me! I haven't had lunch today. I feel kinda sick again. That sucks.
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck - what a bad ass opportunity for you.
  kill them
@TheflyGIRL Done! But I must tell you  that negro got a hard ass head. My elbow hurts...
believe it or not a lot of people do. I've had people aruge me down & say it's not FLA. I'm like "It's on the damn license plates!"
  I yell back sometimes but i dont like to be yelled at
 so are you talking to shira or frances? its hard to keep up  playa playaa lol.
@jackienopants I an wistfull that it will happen soon..damn sick of being on my own...one more week an counting
ain't that crazy? enough to piss you off!
I nominate @PhillyD for a Shorty Award in #entertainment because he's emo.
 What&;s your favorite YouTube video?
damn homie where did you get that stat??
fuck andre! it's strippers lol you coming home to him!
omg who sent you a fuck you letter??
FUCK YEAH!
Captain Jean Luc Pic-card of the USS Enter-prize  Captain Jean Luc Pic-Y'KNOW WHAT? FUCK YOU  TEMPLESMITH!
Aww. Thanks dear. And I hate my gradeschool friends for ditching me. They forgot about me when we are suppose to be at her wake.=(
u just had a vacation. lol Send me the new Al Fat joint that he did when we were at the studio
fuck yeah. swing by sometime (after the 17th) and i'll take you to rocco's. yeah  think about that.
  Zombie 4sho!
I HAVE THE LOOKS AND SOUL OF A FUCKING GODDESS  ARE YOU JOKING?! lol
Top three tips: 1) scan updates  2) pay more attention to @ replies and 3) set time limits before it sucks your day! ;)
7th Street Entry has filled in very nicely. He's got the fucking crowd in his hands  molding them how he wants.
I bet im not even famous and I've seen and experienced it its a damn shame
@DaveBenjamin I HATE THAT...
Investing is hard  losing money is too damn easy. I should write a book.
hot ass mess!!!! hahahaha
 i heart<3 youu.
like  you build a tolerance to drugs  don't you? or is this just me being dumb cause it's fucking four a.m.
Are you out celebrating your birthday? If so  a birthday drink is ok! But don't forget the marathon. I hate being such a stickler.
nope can't deny that sweet face or lil schnauzer w/ ears~always wished Hildie had her pig tails~how is cropping still happening?
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
 we freaked the fuck right on out of the country...
 Can you name one person who has the same first and last initials as you?
  them disagreeing with me
you need to work in that department so you can clean your smelly ass.
writing is a BITCH. re-read one of my drafts- new meaning to humiliation-play. now to hump my metal-bristled hairbrush until O.
 r u g00d at art
eviscerates chris matthews: http://tinyurl.com/6becmm if he runs  fuck it  i'll move to PA to campaign against him
yo I only peeped the last 30mins-and I saw here and THOUGHT it was her but figured "naaah this bitch looks way broker" lol yikes
 do you like girls? hahaha:]
'How to Talk to Girls'. I'm going to write a gay centred spinoff  'How to ASL'
haha no I'm just trying to fuck with him
 favorite food?
and the arabs pussy count reaches 250 million. There I said it  we're all a bunch of pussies. No offence to the pussies
 Have you been in a wreck?
his haircut look like them fast ass Black Beetles on Super Mario Bros.
Yeah that sucks. How long ago did u purchase? Have u asked for a refund for the difference or r u totally turned off now?
That really sucks. :(
That's why I'm glad I didn't have to be on campus today. I hate the nice sheen of ice that seems to have covered everything.
Nope sorry. 2009 will kick 2008's ass. At least the summer anyway.
damn. in malleshwaram. will take me atleast an hr plus to get there. screw it. next time :) have a blast!
Hope you're not getting a full fluoride. Hate that. Good luck!
yeah dude the default theme for WP sucks to decode and use for anything.. hence my never ending search for a plain GOOD coded theme
  Naah (;
AMEN to that!  When I saw him on I Am Legend  OMG I nearly lost my mind.  I was like damn  when did he get a body like THAT.
  i dont hate her  i just dont like somethings she does  doesnt mean those jokes arnt ourss?
Oh  come ON... 1/10?  That is fucking ridiculous... that's what you give a movie like Love Guru or one shot on a fucking celphone.
  maybe
*falls off of bed laughing fabulous ass off* Dude I think that made me BLUSH. WTF? LOL?
  accomplishment
  Nahhh. only that the occean is dispicably turning to oil at the rate of people saying ohh who really cares and the welfare of the creatures living in it is in our hands....not too much of a concern thooough...
horrified mum can squlor (he hasnt been gone long enough) Im a chiness pig its what we do riding this till the end of 2008
@ryanruppe damn you...
fuck me! I'm checking tomorrow."
ugh  yes. I am a consumer whore... "and how!"
Yeah! This blond gay guy came to audition. I almost fell out of my chair when I saw him. He looked identical to chris corner!
Dang I hate the little buttons. GO BACK ONE TWEET!
Don't hide that pussy from yourself. Bust that kegel nut.
I love this weather because it isn't that cold. What I hate is the frozen winds of early February.
WTF FUCKING BITCH NEEDS TO BAN THE WHOLE FUCKING SITE THEN
Oh  I would hate that too.  Three apps? That would barely get me started.
& @VIChick: I feel as tho I spend every weekday waiting 4 the weekend. Then I spend the weekend dreading the damn work week.
damn...lemme get one of them lol! im waay far from @cathyrnmarie or you yet!! hahaaaahaaha
I listen to a lot of really weird music  and I hate most of what's on the radio  so it's not really for me.
  hmm ...my daddy :)
"The Best Damn Sports Show Period Rocks!"
jizz in my pants is old news nigga. Keep up LOL. instead of doing it locally just come over early and do it here. Fuck local shit
That sucks. I was actually a guest on there! My first time on the radio.
 You can only have one kind of sandwich. Every sandwich ingredient known to humankind is at your immediate disposal:
this means young kaia will either grow up to be the greatest female beatmaker ever or a rap legend who severely falls the fuck off
I will super hero my ass out there and blow the tire up myself!!!
welcome back bitch!! We missed ya! :D
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
Funny I always thought Job Security is dependent to how much ass you can kiss? (wait I guess they are one of the same if you think..)
lawl @ fat bitchez.
 thanks alot hahaha
HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY YA PONGO! :)
U stupid bitch. I said Its in my car u always at work or chillin with then regis niggas.  Don't piss me off.
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
damn iPhone that's SHITE. Learn English slang
lmao loser that was under nda...
got delayed.  your ass kicking will have to wait.
as much as i wanted to hate it...that song is crazy!!!!
...o_O that's mildly terrifying. the bears  not the adorable pets. man  i'm so pet deprived. college sucks  lol
Ha I am a whore but you know you love it. Now let's go watch The Rocker!!
I ran a 300 customer hosting company for years on Apache.  I know how to set it up.  It still sucks ass.
but seriously...  WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STILL ONLINE????  Were you injured in god damn 'NAM or something???  GO!!!
Never forget the fat toad. To be honest  Yanks looking pretty fn scary while Sox being sorta methodical... unnerving.
oh it was nothing huge  it is just time for me to get off my ass and go out there and start my life. Get work in the field etc.
  i dgaf
Michigan doesn't make superstars...... just regular ass players look at Charles Woodson
your damn night! I wish I had 666 followers.
 text me(:
  IloveyoumoreBABYGIRL<3 (;
 Are there any bruises on your body?
LOLI hate 'em too. I try to eat clean now and get all of what i can from lean meats. For you I know is a different case. Protein bars?
beat that bitch with a bat
thats the only set back  and its a bitch to send ish back
Considering half of my fucking company has been laid off this morning  "MY BAD DAWG" might be appropriate
Sony Vegas = fucking amazing! :D
I've noticed he can't spell much beyond NOM and BARK ... sucks for him there's only one K and two Bs in Scrabble.
Dood! You just justified your MBA. I pity the sorry ass of that downtrodden employee whose manager you'll soon become.
I wonder if can write "Kevin Rudd Is A Cunt" for the next 30?
 Would you rather lose your memory or your vision?
  You're very annoying
Naw. I gave him tomorrow off. Fuck  my carpet's a mess.
Son. Of. A. Bitch. :-p
I hate the iPhone censorship  as I use the words that are auto-corrected to "shot" and "duck" quite frequently.
LOL! not bad for a gangsta bitch...wo pretends to be classy...LOL! I love the holidays. My fav... 2nd to my Bday!
- Fuck yeah!
He's got NO right  but that makes no diff to him. He's just still mad he went from "cotdamn!!" to "oh.....damn."
  I've had a lot in the last year.
it was a good show...dude!  Did you call in gay  rotfl
Hey  don't knock the Port+OJ until you've tried it.As cold remedies go  you're still sick but no longer give a damn. ;)
Fair enough  will get my ass around to doing it sometime later. Your voice has changed  btw :P
  fortpolk. a military base
nerd glasses lol mine are sexyer
  hahah why?
damn your evil 60 minute IPA beckoning me from the fridge right now...
my bleeping employment agency f***ed up my pay *again*. Didn't come on 24 Dec. Now have to wait until 2 Jan. I hate temping
THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
what site did you use for it haha I have to make a blog  we're saying fuck joomla :P for now...
That ALWAYS happens to me! Damn skype.
Yes! But so am I so I can't hate!
  yeshh :)
 Okae then bitch you dont got any quick comebacks now do you you fucking FAKE!!!/
 Can we be in two places at once?
i saw you had this thing so i made one too. loser i know ha
 Me and Xentury discussed this. If you just got out of a house with a killer and you turn around to see a kid still stuck in the house  do you go back?
will? they're already out  nerd. they hold 6gb of ram too.. woo.
 and last q for the moment..........is duck tape made out of ducks?
  yes. but we end up warped in the end either way..
Joanne Angel? You know how much I hate you right now :p &lt;3 XXXorcist
I hate them. So much.
don't fuck with Fiat
well fuck! lets get you one boi!
Whatchou talkin bout Willis? I just twatted your ass!!!!!!
Just you wait  bitch!  You'll see.  There will be DOZENS and put together they'll ALMOST match ONE of yours time-wise!
 I am done spamming for right now. I am still sort of tired. Leave me things. I will spam more later <3
  Im not a loserrr xD and damn people are nasty  they should learn how to speak properly to a beautiful young lady such as yourself <3
this makes mme smile lol. I hate him. But we still dont bring him up bc to us he is dead and non-existant.
 A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A^A
  Yes. I like to think so.
yeah she pretty cool but she got moments where i be like ehhhh idk! now id fuck but the ass lick wud depend on the nite
I think the Standtard is FILLED with imagination. No fucking news  but lots of make believe racist shit.
  JET!!(: Hate boats! Worst experience ever was on a boat! Never again!
I bet we are freezing more than you are. The North sucks. Ugh!
  i would probably try about 2050965967 ways to stop it. ninja to protest. and i would be disapointed in whoever didnt try.
oh come on. I mean  we all love to hate MyZou  but it's one thing to hate MyZou and another to take a time machine to the 70s.
- sucks for you man. @JennJaye took weeks to get over her latest illness.
 I rather not
Hmm. Fine then. RAIN! I HATE YOU! NEVER RAIN AGAIN!
i ain cutting my phone off until i see developed land. i need gps tracking shit is damn near haiti!
Well get your ass busy!
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
hahahahahah fuck  awesome :D +faved
 You can date/marry Tabitha! :D
  " Fuck Sarah Palin  the political version on Sanjaya".....perfection.
Jesus fucking h Christ!!!!
yeah my son works at Barnes N Nobles...played the mamma mia soundtrack overNover- they all hate it now but sing and dance along!
re; The Happening and campy acting  Leguizamo was the only one who did a good job. Wahlburg always seems so. HATE that chick
Well  you can send me two and get fat on the rest :)
usually  if I am at the point where I'm ready to say something mean  I will click away. I hate mean people.  hate them.
haha  that's ghey. Tell them it sucks balls and they need a real designer.
 What website do you spend the most time on?
but yeah it sucks Bl there's 25 maps and wanting to get on a specific one takes forever if you're unlucky. orz.
 ever tried skinny dipping? with whom?
we all need to be a bitch sometimes  not a bad thing lol
You feel kind of stupid doing it  but it worked wonders for my timing. The kids hate that I'm beating them on that one.
 Did you have a good day ??
 How long does it take you to get to work or school?
I hate "Rag and Bone" so much.
sweet. I'm too chicken to read it cuz I hate "spoilers"';)
i hate it when that happens.
less drugz mo sleep bitch!
that sucks. People are stupid.
I'm doing nothing. I was thinking about going to the Flaming Lips concert  but hate going alone.
http://tinyurl.com/6d4a86 so fucking CUTE!!!
i fucking hate that word  hahaha.
Thanks very much  Dick. I'm contacting them immediately.
 NIGGERS NIGGERS NIGGERS BALLS BALLS TITTIES DICK SUCKING FAGGOT SHIT NIGGER ASSFUCK TITTIES FUCK NIGGERS
sounds like it sucks i sorry
 guess what you should do? GET A LIFE. I don&;t even know you so why would you even start shit with me?! Seriously  you must be a bit messed up in the head. Pathetic.
  lol wen iFirst made diz ish yew was lyke hi so im juz asking who diz?
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
Already on the coffee. I love her  but hate the whole spite thing. Climbed right on top of me to do it!
  Sometimes if your daydreaming but then your daydreaming so its not nothing..haha
 ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Quick! Forget the prenup! Get lo-jack implanted in the new wife instead! I think he's an ass.
 Would you rather work at a large company or a small one?
 What would you do if you found $100 at a movie theater?
 did you know gaga was on an episode of mtvs boiling point?
also  it's been worth it for the phrase "I'm too tall  I'm too old  I'm too fat  and I HATE IT!" Thank you  Jeremy Clarkson.
dawns a Fucking twat and @occultclassic that is the best song on the album
DAMN. I just lost too. Thanks Alyssa. And I decided that PATD's new CD isn't so bad.
just read the archive artile on your old site. love the jones comparison. how much hate mail did you get?
  lol how
good u an ur no sharin ass LOL
http://twitpic.com/tyu9 - Fuck that looks like fun!!
will ferrell can suck my dick. go on yim!!!
no i think you will hate it. Its a bunch of dirty work.
  Yes. when and where?
how do u know what Tip's ass looks like?
  yes.
Don't you just hate deciding on things.
write more books  sccessful new venture with me  &bring fat fat 2 L.A. so we can hang out and buy our sons a bunch of cute clothes
oh  i hate it. self righteous people makes me want to scream.
been here more then a hour just to get my vegas shit back damn slow service shiat
I miss your ass too! :0)
ha yes the $$ part would definitely be a big help! Don't you hate that?!
Uh... yeah.  Joe and I have been wondering what all the fuss was about.  Put your ass in it  make sure it's tight.. done.
emo!lol j/k
you're a bitch.
Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
I blame the holidays! Family (mine at least) completely sucks; but worse than family is all the dang cleaning! Ugh!
...mounting comcast sucks soapbox now...
told ya she was fat! she's loyal tho  she has this goin for her...
@Kimber_Regator You guys are in the same fucking house and using twitter to talk.
am using vickers online and i don't recommend it  the interface sucks.
 Would you rather get up early or sleep late?
thats why I hate megavideo.  I'll see if I can get someone to update the episodes with an offshore video hoster.
 What do you know about the.illumanati
  A nice monster. I would wanna be the closet monster that hides in the closet but really im just nice and want a little kid friend to play with :]
 WHATEVER. Im gunna leave before you guys cry &amp; get yourselves hurt  i mean your begging me to leave  bye pussys!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 What is something fun you use to do with your parents?
 how many times do u take a bath in a day?
oh no...he grew out of it (after a few ass whippings)....he just steals girls hearts now (he's 20). But yea he was a baby klepto
I HATE that!
@bosca Been a Geek is something I know i am proud off. A nerd I am not lol.
you're a fat bitch? I think you just called yourself one. Lmao... Well if you wanna out yourself in that category... Ha ha
It did  then my fucking dad turned it off. I just don't think it likes your movies. I was tryin to watch Nanny Diaries.
Because "Oh  for fuck's sake!" has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
I promise it'll go away as soon as @CalamityJen wakes up and kicks my ass.
  while ago..
 Tabi you are so pretty :) just wanted to say that haha
i fucking hate when free 70$ cheques just up and think they can walk away
http://tinyurl.com/6dunlq  hate me for it later  but it's not bad
  sure why not?
Hahaa.. Very true.. It might just be some condensation. Let me get some windex. :) Like my Fat Greek Wedding!
 i decided since its almost your unbirthday that im gunna send you a present
 best day ever?
 Tabi  text me?
you can have my dick. Its delicious
omg - that sucks arse! I am so sorry =/
Sucks  doesn't it?
MOD_ELLA IS A FUCKING CUNT
I NEED A DAMN IRONMAN IM GONNA CRY!!!!
Wow! That sucks.
Last time I was on a train was in Europe in 2001  but damn if I don't think of Hogwart's Express every time I think of them now
yeah that's called my drunk ass taking a pic of myself on the carpet as I'm LEAVING! SMH
no. I won't rape Aidan. And you are a bitch. And I'm done talking for now. I have some one else I want to talk to :)
as much as i hate auto-DM's  i also check out links if they're music related.
Hell yeah! With their invisible sneaking nonsense. I almost want to play as one some time to fuck with people though.
  Si. hahah YEs.
  no i live on my own :)
 How would you describe  in your mind  the greatest guy in the world? What would he be like? What would he do with his time?
It's kinda like "2% milk." Sounds great! Only 2% fat! But whole milk is 3.5% fat. Oh  not such a big deal anymore.
If you're hard at work or just leisurely reading  you're not a poser.
ew u slut get on skype &lt;333333
Damn  that sucks! What the heck were MPs doing on a public road in the Central Coast?
U really hate that iPhone don't u? I love mine
3
it's weird... I usually hate country music  but hearing it on the local level is quite different.
Nigga when you see me in the streets it's going down! chitty chitty bang bang  bitch ass nigga
and I HATE longview Cable I would rather have sat data before I to them
 19 tabs in 1 window (hate windows  love tabs)
Check @ replies from hahlo  twhirl  tweetdeck et. al. they reply to the user not specific ID. Makes following convos. a bitch.
you hate him d00d
The ex-gay ministry  Living Waters has one geared to high schoolers! JUST KIDDING! ;)
yeah  remind me to murder that fucking golfer too.
 Ha! Yeah  that caught my attention  too. Now wait & watch for Red Wings fans to freak. I'm gonna make popcorn for that show :)
paaaaaaaarrrtttyyyy!!!!!!!! wait no... fuck it.... move over I'M MOVING IN!!!! HAHA!
 If there was a hour extra everyday what would you do in that time?
Sorry for the woes  but DAMN you sound GOOD!
 whats your favourite fruit?
I hate you and you shall be shunned from this day like the Amish shun an outcast. If that doesn't work  I will un-follow you.
bitch better save me one!
i literally could not breathe. that was so fucking scary.
S&#229;...To be honest  i love you so fucking much because you're cute. Roflmfao I love abbreviations. Ah  jeg er jo god! XD
  Well any planet in the universe would involve planets that aren't named to me yet...therefore yes I would :) love to go to a planet we've never heard of!! haaha Yes i would live there.
That sucks. I went to bed before the New Year even began.lol
heard there were 2do fairies tht come & do ur 2do list if u put a list by the freplce (kinda like leaving cookies 4 the fat guy)
problem is there's no natl media there. You can bet your ass if a hurricane hit Queens itd lead the news each night for weeks
Have you tried "Out of Africa?" Fun S. African food in Sugar Land. Location sucks...check it out before it's gone.
you're making me hungry! (& I just ate a Valerie croissant  plain as I am getting fat). Haven't been there in years
oh yes the cold is mind boggling and a big  fat drag.  I likely won't feel anything above 30 for many moons. can't wait to move.
you're spelling nerd wrong!
kiss my icecubes formerly known as my ass cheeks.
damn its better than takin the greyhound thou lol!!
ignorance is my guess - but this could very well turn into a nerd rant - and that would get @amberto all worked up
  Never.
Sorry you bitch punched TEO.
 yeah and I woulda gotten away with it if it wasnt for you damn kids...
Damn that sounds so good I got fat just reading it  haha.
  nahhh
tee hee! I consider the added fat 2B "personal insulation" - it gets dern cold here in WI.  ;)
  jennifer
I'm just here to make sure he doesn't embellish things with those fancy-assed words of his. Good words right order my ass ;-)
OMG! haha I would not survive  I hate the cold.
  hahahahha :)
suntem dar ne gandem cum sa gasim o mascota care sa o putem scoate din dulap cand vrem sa acuzam pe cineva pt nenorocul nostru
Life's A Bitch 09' : http://sharebee.com/c0756ec0
losing winter insulation is one of the horrific side effects of Biggest Loser that nobody warns you about. It's brutal!
oh man that sucks!! LOL
- u can't help but fucking love women like that! Damn &#9824;
 ever tried dancing in the rain?
I'M SO SORRY IF YOU THINK MY TRACKSUIT IS GAY. VICTORY. VENGEANCE. FOR MY STONE CHAMBER AND MY SWORD. MY SWOOOOOOORD!1
i had to... i deleted the annoying bitch. she kept making me puke in my mouth
it means - the fat beauty and yes lost 43 kgs thru heavy dieting n working out at the gym 6 days a week - that was 3 yrs ago
my time sucks... having a difficult time MANAGING w/o the structure of college classes but I really want to work w/ you on it
great :P that lady is a cunt  that serves me right for getting excited over something
should be in good company.  &lt;talking to self&gt; "hate this wireless keyboard..."
I'll hang tight and see how Jan Taco Night goes (is it possible for it to not completely kick ass?)
*laughs* i'd hate to see the aftermath of that bird
that sucks - I have had "those" holidays as well. FYI a cool mass starts soon at Holy Rosary @ 31st & N for some uplifting!
  No. Only because if it were up to fate then noone truly has any choices in life. And well i don't like to be told what to do. I like making my own mind up! :]
Fuck. Well  you can for a low cost of 19.99 with shipping and handling. But that's only if you really want to.
i think he comes off better on part 2.. but he still kills pt 1 tho.. funny thing is i was in fat beats and i bought the cassete
  they used to be and i like them to be that way but any more with timothy in my life they arent
damn. thats crazy early. i wont hit the city til 9:30 but i will be a few blocks from the spot.
you do have a problem. What did u get bitch?
We loovveee chicken.  Damn i do also so I really shouldn't complain.  And since I found the chicken i am in a better mood.
  haha  exactly!  And I love YOUR new picture! I was wondering when you were going to use this cute ass picture! I love it!
please get the fuck out of my house
 -rape-
  no i dont put ppl in jars but if i want to dispose them nicely i would bury them if i dont i spose i could cut them up in little piec yer i will stop there its kinda gross haha
thanks Jen.  We hate to cancel  but don't want anyone having accidents trying to get there.
no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
 What do you think about mothers who go out and get trashed? (Personally I think it&;s irresponsible.)
Madonna concert w/ @lcastinado. got here in 15 mins and got free VIP parking. Sweet-ass!
damn shame right? Specially since there's so much uncut dope out there!
  yes. tims dad
She makes me sick. She thinks she's cool and youthful cuz she watches that show. Phony bitch.
i hate her in every movie. she has one look. you know the look haha
wow. your dad looks like a total bad ass!
 How often do you get sick?
 How do you pronounce the word &quot;sure&quot;?
Awesome :) I hate updating the BIOS LOL
my denny's boycott stands. fuck steve harvey.
you know fuck it I'm doing "Jew-Boy money"
no fuck you
My sound is being persnickety so I can't catch up on the vlog until I reboot  which I'm too damn lazy to do now. But tomorrow...
of course @bapper is cold..he eats picked radishes all winter..if he had some whale meat he'd be fine..
  Yep so far :]r He was diagnosed when he was 2 and he's 8 now. So usually if the cancer is going to reoccur it does between 4-6  but we don't want to get cocky. The oldest person with his type of cancer has only lived to be 22. its kind of scary.. but thanks for asking! :] he's doing great now.
damn u i wanted to see sexy lesbian porn lmao
that's the coolest damn thing yet! Have you put it on your own website yet? Its a pretty simple ap  just don't use huge pics
 13?r you&;re at the perfect age to learn how to suck dick and give hand jobs.
That show sucks. It always scares you. And Boo Danny. He is a fail!
correction sir - I am a gay man in a woman's body as we already discussed. I just want to have "big gay" fun!
yeah i am glad i have the next 2 days off.. I just have to get through xmas eve and the weekend afterwards. damn gift cards
But snow is awesome! It's the temperature which supports snow that I grow to hate.
It happens. Sucks when it does though that is for sure. Glad you aren't steaming. You'll have a better day tomorrow.
  Well i thought that you were at first but I've realized that you're intentions are good and i wanna get your number ;)))
  about 900 lol i havent been on for a hot second
  ummm.....ahhh hottt seniorrr(:
LMAO - I did too! Just went into the cities and started slaughtering  just to see what would happen. Some damn funny stuff!
lol! Girl--no matter what the situation..they are on some fuck shit...
 What do you think of my questions?
 Can crop circles be square?
Damn. I got bammed. Wonder how many @glark reads.
 In order to survive 3 more days you need a small meal. There is nothing with you except your pet monkey... Do you fry up some monkey?
So people are just ignoring me. :-( That sucks big time. LOL. Especially when I thought we were better than that. I see...I see..
  yes very much lol =]
I have no clue what I've stumbled upon  but I laughed my ass off... you might too: http://is.gd/a8cz
 how many friends do you have on facebook?
  Hells yeah you go back!
thanks  I'm terrified of exams. Yeah my hairs a bitch to do tbh  takes like an hour and a half to straighten.
Fuck you  McGaffigan. I WANT TO GO. NAO!
Agreed! I hate internet explorer!
Shoots. My Hawaiian ass is dead. Hiamoe for me. TTYL8R
 & @karkar  I hate Walmart anymore. I'm gonna have to start taking my own cart with spikes and barbed wire. Maybe flamethrowers.
Love Burroughs. Bukowski was like a broken clock - right twice a day. Ginsberg BLEH. I hate most of the Beats.
Hmm  maybe I crossed wires w/1 of you & @allisoncarter. Who called who nerd & was correct as geek? Me moving 2 fast 4 fun.
  Like a week.
That would freak me out  I hope you feel better!
DO IT! lol. God I hate parking lots so much.
it's the damn music  ugh  terrible!
 Do you live in China?
true that. with more fat.
or maybe go see bolt tonight? or both? don't know if you're busy for white whale stuff... but it's my bday. let's celebrate
...And as a z-lister  I am gloriously unaffected by FriendFeed's downtime. Sucks to be Scoble though. ;)
  Show your face.
 let me know if you want a co-pilot tonight to keep your ass awake!
  Well thank you :] you are too!
 bahahahahhaha ;p
I'll take a stab...send me a DM...I do this somewhat professionally on the side (former English major nerd!)
You know damn well your boss is going to leave early.  When the mouse is away . . .
  florida and yea
  it bounces off the immovable object  :P
will ferrell can suck my dick. go on yim!!!
lol.damn I gotta find a cheap ass flight
aawwhh damn! WAKE UP Strawberry shortcake
i loved it  i laughed my ass off
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
well clean the damn floor!
The one thing I miss about my valet 2nd job was the free prosciutto. Oh how I miss that salty pig.
  Stephanieeeeey(:
hate you...it's freezing here...my nipples will freeze off before I get home
rather do it now then either mid-night or 7 o-clock in the fucking morning lol
fuck off dude  don't waste my time...
  Aww thanks a ton. but honestly what?
You're welcome. (c8 Wish I could've done something more. Losing a HD sucks. )c8 Do u have an external HD to backup to?
That sucks. I don't remember how long ago we had gas prices that high.....
only one of the best in children's musical entertainment. ;) she sings such hits as "pig on her head" & "we are the dinosaurs."
oh fuck. Christmas is next week???
no prob  but watch out  it's fucking addictive!
Yeah 2 and a half minutes per ass cheek.
lol! gay people make the world a happier place :D
yes? Yes? Fucking YES?
 When was your last plane ride?
  Give half to a cancer hospital to help the cancer kids :/ And then juss save the rest and spend it.
YES!  that place has damn good Bar-B-Q.  MMMMM  I'm jealous.
I nominate @benmack for a Shorty Award in #business because he is a bad ass who says it likes he means it.
omg - that sucks arse! I am so sorry =/
I haven't been online all day  whore.  Trust me... one post from me is going to be more than you want at your house.
they should have a wii loser..that way you can compete with your wii friends.
Do you really think Chris Pirillo is going to respond to your question.. If he does then I'll feel like an ass..
@hermanos @jamessime wow I totally know that fine line between love and hate! #dead_by_january_i_didnt_sign_up_for_this_shit
  EVERYTHING !
Lemme make fun of you for crying at a dog movie for Pete's sake. Nerd.
a fat boy sweet talker?
-- I'm an attention whore  man. It was only a matter of time. NY &gt; CA.
Ooh  You mean Whooty's = "Wht grls w/ bootys". LOL! my lil bro put me on to that corny ass saying.
I responded and asked you  but yes it does vary. Some think gay marriage is immoral. I think those people are bigots.
aw that sucks.
HAIR PRODUCTS? I hear Hair Products?? lol i hear your getting beat up us girls do stick together...against them bad ass boys
I feel like a damn fool I brought two winter coats to atlanta..and for what? ITS HOT DOWN HERE
me too. So entertaining. Dude you watch this mvie called trailor parl of terror. Fucking brilliant.
 Do you have two formsprings me? Because I&;m following a different account and it&;s still you? Haha
  haha thanks.
  its more like 5 mins :) and i was delayed by a train ;)
@jjprojects & any 1 else who cares 2 read (cont. -&gt;) & the rest of them (Garrett??) - there's no more time left 2 fuck around
Well.. Sucks to be you. Oh well.
that sucks man...
  Hmm. Celebrity? Idk. Ummmm perhaps  Jennifer anniston Because she's always trying to do something with the earth and helping others.
right there with you! woke up thinking of a hundred things I need to do. hate that!
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
admit it. You're secretly in training for RSA. @beaker who? I can see it now: Cigar  red-bull  and can of whoop-ass. Nice.
and i look emo too cause i'm wearing like all black and shit and my chains are hanging out XD i need guyliner
Hello Rachul  this is the internet. Soz but I just a bit hate you right now.
thank you  she's such a big baby. lol But such an incredible dog. hate to think of life without her pain in the butt self
3315
Fuck you Ian  I know you're using a joke book!
maybe later when they're all glistening in dairy fat.
 In your opinion  is being argumentative a positive trait or a flaw?
Bey going to get her ass whipped!
all these awesome people just flock to me. Guess I'm about cool as fuck.
 If rabbits feet are so lucky  then what happened to the rabbit?
haha I always say that! Girl or not  I too can rock out with my cock out! Hah
that sucks. Where are you trying to watch it?
 hey
It sucks (for us too at SlideShare). Hope Apple does something about it.
 No. Im not. But thanks for throwing that out there ;)
this kicked ass. http://tinyurl.com/3ryxxw
but damn I look good on it.
 Who was the last person to call you?
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
cool. what kind/speed is it? my 500 has about 60 gigs left and i hate deleting things
Make Jon do his own damn homework... or you should at least get an honorary degree when he graduates...LMMFAO
awz cum ova
  Last night about 11 o'clock
 so whats up?
Now that's a sell - "it kinda sucks actually"
 Your beautiful<3 don&;t listen to others(:  they don&;t have a beautiful thing called LOVE<3 while you do  cause we are married :p  I love you<3
http://twitpic.com/taap - fat.
PowerPoint sucks; even good shows that take tens and tens of hours can't compete with Key Note!
  Who are yew??
well now I have to edit myself and you know how I hate that!
 Have you ever had a dream (good/bad)  that actually came true?
  I'm not wearing
dont hate!
Shakespeare nerd!
Haha  still working at 6:30pm on a friday? Damn!
"Juice"? The fuck is "juice"? I want grape drank!
i feel left out  lol  jk... being bored sucks  =/
Fat ass!
damn you got home late!
Tommy blows cock! lol
but dad sleep fail whale?
we all fucking know better.
damn them! I'll link to another
  lemenadeee(:
what a coincidence! I'm wearing my fat jeans today and it felt like they were my skinny jeans!
fuck you  do you know how cold it was in nyc today?!
fuck  yes.
I got my system working in here. I'm multi-tasking my ass off!
 If you could  would you kiss the last person you texted? Is this person just a friend or something more? Do you like it that way?
that video made me angry & want to PUNCH Shirley Phelps Roeper IN THE FUCKING FACE!!!! MAN I HOPE THEY DIE! SUCH HATE! UNG
hahah! OMG  that was the creepiest clip of crazy I've ever seen in my life and I hate that part of the trailer! AHHHH!
 Is &quot;vice-versa&quot; to a dyslexic just plain redundant?
Looks like a good competitor :) Wouldn't touch it personally  hate Symbian and Nokia Software :) My N95 is a bitch lol
Me: 1 attitude sucks 2) like big plates 2nd helpings 3 like beer  4volumize with fries 5) like junk 6 eat big meals at night
  the one im in now. one year and 3 months
Lmao  im watching the same thing ahaha. The gay guy is hilarious! "Dede having a good day and I dont want anyone to mess it up."
damn that sucks..I hope you are ok now
you damn betcha
 cute
oh no! Just read about your tree. So sorry  that absolutely sucks. :-(
  its not rape if i enjoy it ;)  *phoebe.
gosh no  this sucks major. What was best about it can be found in Ragamuffin. Trust me.
 Do you have a garden?
HATE THAT...happened to me today i was like...YOUR WELCOME *cut eye* and walked back out lol
http://twitpic.com/vbgo - thats fucking awesome!
lmao I rock that Florida Evans ALL the time 'damn damn damn damn damn'
damn you! was there grape? please tell me you've tried grape. its the best!
well i havnt got any hate mail from mcr yet so i dont think they mind.
WHAT??!  Did you talk to your attorney?  What is wrong with the dog?  I hate vet bills.
  i dont have a dream job anymore so i dont no.
Damn fucking skippy. I'm onthe same shit
Devil's AssMartini on Scottsdale and Gay  I mean Shea
are you off bitch? I want BM it's my best friend! Damn it....hey don't forget FullMoon Getogether tonight
  tasha. instead of Tosha :)
I'm sure!! I despise cleaning  although I'm an organization freak!
The FA50 is a low key ultra here in ATL. It stands for Fat Ass 50K. Loop course  so you could do 25K...Half Ass.
 Fanny or dick?
did he really???!!!! OH FUCK OK I TAKE BACK ON DAN MARINO IM SORRY!!!! OK I BLAME ROMO AGAIN! AND WHITTEN! i'm through with them!
don't hate just because you wish you were a Twitterholic
Has it snowed where you are?? I miss the damn snow. I haven't seen any in forever. Everyone has some snow but me :( lol
enjoyed reading your article ! shame I have such a bitch for a boss ;-)
 N3qRO WUZZ YA NUMBER
why does watching Will & Grace have to mean you're gay?
 Would you rather have the ability to fly  or the ability to breathe underwater?
 describe your perfect day
  Negative. I think we as humans all tend to sometimes but its all in unintentional purpose. So I try not too :)
 whre do u wanna go 2 college
i hate you right now you woke me u last night and then i had a crappy sleep  i feel like shit now.
am deleting all that bell-end Pineapples comments - so he keeps posting more. Cunt.
  Hmmm depends. sometimes I get bombarded with questions but here lately since ive gotten on everyday its like 15-20. haha enough i suppose :)
 what are youu talking about GAYY&;BOYYu2665  idid textt you back  YOU didnt text me back!?
 How much did you get for your teeth?
omg is he like 19? MUAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA you're such a fucking cradle snatcher  bb.
next PAX there should be a nerd hockey game for charity.
I know it sucks  but I'm actually envious of you.  Though I have orientation for a tutoring program on the 14th.  Did I tell you?
 yes.. a she-wolf in love  is it even possible? Which team do we root for now? I'm a faithless whore - struck by Amor
FUCK YEAH....spencer?? Will you be there? @xdeartragedyo i'll see you at at LEAST 1 those
Damn that's like my lil brother. He's 11  5"8 and 250 lbs.
whos? ima slap the bitch.
coincidence my ass... LOL... But it's a good suggestion so it'll go in the hat... Singapore would be interesting. 5 more...
Fuck mod_Ella.....http://tinyurl.com/5hdbje
morning man.. damn whenever did i update this thing.. aah 4 days ago eh.. much has happened since then *scrolling*
haha busy  I hate the holidays  ugh.  How have you been man?
Pah. Loser. ;) Haahaha. Well done fella. Very interested to chat to you about it sometime!
Fuck again. Call 1800QZAK. Then your problems will be solved. I might even get you a discount
  Nahh
damn...
 Would you rather be rich or famous?
ooh im sorry my non celibate ass mourns for ur celibacy and it sorry demise my condolences http://twurl.nl/a16z8c
no i think you will hate it. Its a bunch of dirty work.
 Where&;d you find out about formspring.me?
 What do you think happens to the missing socks that disappear in the dryer?
  Hahaha wht are u tlkn bout girl!
i love zombie flicks too! i hate horror movies  but bring on the zombies ;)
Get used to it.  WaMu's been fucking me over with my live-check deposits since I opened the account 2 years ago.  5 day  90% hold.
well im just makin sure!!! I hadnt heard from her in a while & i hate it when people are mad at me!!! I just had to  make sure
 Do you wish someone was with you right now?
 What would you like to hear more about?
that's ri god damn dick ulouse! Tasty though. Haha
Me too. Just saw an update on the news... scary damn storm!
  Ohh man i bet its tha shit!! Ohhkayy!(: be safe have fun!! <33
 Tabi  all those people who are talking shit on your formspring ANONYMOUSLY need to grow a pair. If they&;re gonna hate on you anonymously then they obviously have no life. Grow up  stop trying to start shit with her on the internet. I love you Tabi (:
fuck i knew it
THANK YOU especially how they turned optimus prime basically into a big ass american flag. effects were ill tho u cant front!
oh my god.... XD sucks for you Talei
Faggoty fag fag. Gay secks man blowjob. Settle down.
Damn.  How about nonsensical blogger?  You need one of those?
It's latent hate over the fact that my bucs suck.
lol. So damn bitter this morning.
lol I hate you. And by hate  I mean love  but I still hate you XD
FUCK.
the "666" on my ass is actually a birth mark.
stop stealing my schtick  whore!
You've got 5" of snow?  Damn.  I'm jealous.
 Why u so perfect!? ;)
Then I would be gay and I would kill myself. Don't become a boy  please.
 Has anyone ever taken a picture of you while you were asleep?
& @kmellon:  I'm 500 pages in AND at the day job.  Eat that dick.
my friend just bought one. It was like pimped gold and Black. It kinda sucks so I think shes returning it.
LMAO!! Hot sauce indeed!  but sheeeeit. you can take a picture of @shaydechelle wrapped in ME! fuck the dumb lol
 lol [: your a funny kidd you know that? [;
  wet it first. always.
I STILL HATE YOU.
Fuck you
 What kind of music can you just not stand to listen to?
can you help clue me in on how to connect all facebook etc? thanks for coming last nite hope you didnt hate it lol
That sucks. Are you alright?
Amen.  Thrilled to see Brad Sucks on Rock Band 2. Congrats man  I hope you get some of those 80 MS Points. @bradsucks FTW!
 you come home and find your parents talking with your school counselor and principal/headmaster ... whats your first thought?
Just because the roads are WET is no reason to freak out. Maybe I should get upset when I do dishes because there's water.
I hate being on the outside of inside jokes. =P
says "ahaha thankss. my auntie kim always says it grassy ass=] she's amazing."
That's like comparing apples to oranges  but I STILL prefer twitter to FF. I hate FF with a burning passion.
you are such a whore LOL
Damn  just realized you're moving here to Boston to work for Harmonix (rock on  and congrats!)
can't u take a sick day? fuck him...Ill watch Jordan if u need me too. I don't work tomorrow
 hahhaha yeahhh
get your ass here !!!
  hahahahaha >:) im evil mwahahahahahahahahaha
  who?
@TyIerDurden yes. Always. What the stamp look like? .: either Tyler was here or my hand print on your ass in pastel orange !??
damn ya gettin it poppin early  its ya bday tho rite? have a good one mayne...
damn iPhone keyboard. I find it astonishing that even in this era of social networking you can still be alone on a crowd
GIRL YOU MADE ME SPIT!!! ROFLMAO!!!! YOU ARE TOO DAMN MUCH!!!!!!!!!
yeah  I did that a few months ago. How's your show doing man?? looks kick ass!
appreciated. what sucks is how they handle it. its like the nurse slowly removing the tape instead if giving it the quick rip.
 ok this is tatum krista&;s friend this is her profile thing and i wanted to go on hers cuz she told me she had ?s on herer she didnt answer cuz there stupid and i wanted t oread them so i did but she told me about you and she is not obsesed with you
  the nicest thing someone has ever done for would probaly be  when sam my sister just told me for no reason that i was a really good person and stuff
Damn. How are you getting out early? I'm stuck with no beer till 4:30.
 Name 3 thoughts at this exact moment?
 Naw nee naw nee naww neee
- Fuck yeah!
  Well..currently its 6:54 am. My love just left for work and im on formspring answering my 38 questions. Thank you. haha Sup with you? :]
oh damn. and yes  I am an xmen freak. Not too big  but still a freak.
Dude this Breeze....I really wanna shove my boot up her ass. Or push her down the stairs on "accident."
dood  seriously  why was 70's cinema so fucking crazy? Seriously  the sex tease with the boat captain and preteen boys  like woah!
  They don't feel. Theyre are wayy to many people in this world that don't truly care if they hurt anothers feelings. And its like it makes them feel better about themself. But in reality  they're only insecure about something they have to deal with  whether it be personally or physically or emotionally..just because your not happy with yourself  doesn't mean you should try to make others feel worse about themselves. But that is just my opinion and what do I know. Friendliness only gets a slap in the face more often than not. :] pass it on haha
  EGYPT! :)
i see you damn near passed out after that work out lol!!
yeah I hate this bitch and I'm glad the chief killed that other dude!
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
What up! I'm always learning something new frm u every damn day. U r such a treat. Lol
Leave us strap wearing gay perverts alone! (jeez  a little uncalled for?)...
YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
Yes  I had a guinea pig when I was a kid. Cute but not as smart as a potbelly.
work stressing over this damn AE meeting we are having @ 11am.
thx for the well wishes lisa! i hate taking meds  so i'm all for fast healing:)
that sucks;{
 What does it take for you to argue with someone?
you have officially been put on my bread stick mailing list. Fuck those rock republics and eat something already.
well just go to the local whore house!
His ass does have shrines all over the southland.
aww damn!  I think we need to kick him out the league!  LOL
 Whhenz yur birthdeyy.?
if Santa's magic dies  he just becomes a regular old fat guy in a funny looking suit taking a 747 back to the North Pole
 What&;s your favorite genre of music?
its pretty stupid! to get it to work like windows you have to press hold 'Command' then press your arrows. sucks i know!
laughing your ASS off? I'm not going there. I mean I'm not touching that one. I mean SOMEONE SEND ME TO BED ALREADY.
If you want to hate Leslie Nielson  watch "Dracula  Dead and Loving It."
Take Ur ass home
Figured tis the season to be fat. For a bit. And then start working properly on weight in the New Year-A is coming to gym with me!
are you serious? That sucks!
fuckery is always welcomed..only second to hate. Speaking of which...I haven't told you how much I hate you lately
Aw  that sucks. *pats stamsgal's head*
  yes. i dont eat them. haha
that sucks :(
all these awesome people just flock to me. Guess I'm about cool as fuck.
hangs longer than u while u lay there on ur ass! 1 day u gonna look back @ these days & ask urself where did ur life go?
Can I just go one day without seeing flaccid black cock  please?
 Dayyym gurl u got it goin on! ;]
that sucks. Hope you aren't stuck out there long!
that was when wrestling was bad ass. Raw is war  against wcw
 Did you do any school shopping yet?
 Favve Song ?
OOGA BOOGA FOOCHA FUCK YOUR WHOLE DAY!!!!!!!!
I hate when it happens to people that are nice. They don't deserve embarassment of that sort.
can you help clue me in on how to connect all facebook etc? thanks for coming last nite hope you didnt hate it lol
 Are you a leader or a follower?
  wanting to help everyone but myself.
I thought the same thing  he should have just hauled ass.
Hate you! Hate Kansas! Taking the dog. -Dorthy
Arsclan would freak on u.  Tower Def. is build series of midieval like towers (upgradable) near a pathway of continual attacks.
Wouldn't it have been smarter for BET to do something on blacks in politics... Damn I hate that station!!
  Raspberry Vinegrette
There's some dude at this bar that totally looks like you. Should I kick his ass for impersonating?
 well put...
Laser treatment for pimples? Meh. Metrosexual a.k.a gay pride! Hahaha!
 what&;s your favorite song? :D<br>
And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
I had planned to pick up the kids early  but I'm sitting on my ass now surfing the net...
  yes i think so
 How does Freddy Kruger wipe his butt?
Yeah! You're not a whale!!! Pretty soon you'll be back to your skinny self. :)
hope ya get to feeling better. Sucks when I miss out on Lifegroup so I know how ya feel.
Thank You  Thank You.  I would hate to get banned from either  but. Phew! My bad...
A pussy on my cock on my pussy  if you wanna take it further. ;)
you know fuck it I'm doing "Jew-Boy money"
  Dina?
someone hacked your account?  that sucks!
Wow  that sucks.Merry Christmas to you and your honey (wow  we are both celebrating 'firsts' on that one) -The Bs
and Red Carpet Ready handed my ass to me tonight  in a good way. I am pooped!
Yea...until then I'll have to settle for being some ad blogger who has nothing better to do than bitch about advertising;)
fat browser? tell me more! like gOS/CloudOS?
 If you could ask George W. Bush one question what would it be?
  honesty  respect for your partner
 Xentury has been a good sport. He took the nail polish off. Shayla is going to paint them again. Are you a good sport?
OMFG. I JUST FIGURED OUT THAT @SHIT. AND MY FIRM'S IT GUY TRIED TO GET ME INTO CHUCK. IT'S REALLY NERD-O.
dont hate. its coming along NICELY. me and nepa.... we're goood. :)
  Noooo.
dupa cum vezi  eu mai putin cu excelurile  mai mult cu povestile ;o]
 I have my shit straight  she wears like the same T-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt or the plaid blue and red or pink shirt or whatever  and maybe some random ones.. with jeans or shorts and vans. OWNED.
ewwwwwww that sucks.  I hope it goes much better than you expected!
I can't help that you keep looking for gay midget porn on YT. The volume is too loud for you but I like blaring my Celine Deon.
 Name the most terrifying moment of your life so far.
 Do you believe honesty is the best policy?
http://tinyurl.com/these-hats-are-damn-tradition
i'm working than idk. empires? mmm northbrook court sucks sir. omg todays the first day of chanukah. bahaha
 `` im very sexy `` My fucking ass. duuude that made me laugh so fucking hardd(: thank&;s for making my day ;D
@markmancao haha. i love it! gay nights for all!
i can fuck with birdwalk..cuz it's a dance beat..but that stupid yes sir..HELL NO!! eat a d*. LOL gucci bandana is aite. not hott
oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
Wait if I shut down my phone company who's going  to sponsor you in the emo olympics?
  And why are you trying to give me advice.?
Because the public school system sucks. Both the Chicago PS and Evanston PS were open today.
here 2!Another big storm is blowing our way. I hope it waits until I'm home from work b4 it starts snowing. Hate driving in it!
  im sure. people find anyting to talk about for everyone.
Not sure if you saw him kissing his wife--Dick Clark moves pretty fast when he has to...
  Success.
LMAO. Vista isn't that bad. I did hate it  but on this computer I love it. You just need a faster laptop. Still using my n ...
  No
lmao!!! seriously and I live in the middle of BFE!! Will you combat being a glow stick or let winter be a bitch?
.....I.Hate.Him. He's.... UGGG!
I say "fuck"  you say "yeah"
I'm all about peace n positivity  but sometimes you gotta give a little kid an ass whoopin' !
  Haha! Maybe 2days? lol idk
Then I would be gay and I would kill myself. Don't become a boy  please.
cute video lexi u hve some of the of the weridest & cutest little toys i know wht u'll say (shut the fuck up ACH) haha
I hate hot weather  makes me want to punch people... Just because it's hot
oh that sucks. i get yelled at for not wearing sunscreen so i just go home haha.Yeah I'm excited too. Its right in the cbd!
 favorite song?
damn right!  whats the point in having friends in the business if you can't get free shit from them?
  I miss you too !(:
gay + high on crack + Razor sharp vagina? sounds like @andymn to me
YES!! she'll call me and be like get your ass out of bed and then she'll name a list of bs for me to do
 what was the most awkward situation in your life?
  nope neva did
fuck a sunburn. what are you 8? im on some shrimp cocktail and champagne by the pool. get your grown man
sucks they only made like 20 of them
very cool! did 250 minutes of walking this week - shooting for 300 next week! have set up FB group for pig team - ru on facebk?
jacob sucks  i hate the werewolves  im with the vampires GRR
Oh damn. I only have one strike. But no spares!
well if u looking for more sex  watch the fat boy freaking his pillow thats now playing. Ewwwwwww!!!!
agreed.  UGO sucks ass
 Are you the type who is in a new relationship every week?r
 If a king is gay and marries another guy what is that guy to the royal family?
ahh ok..sorry  I got worried about u guys. you don't have to be gay  Telle! i'm sure there's girls out there that think you're ...
that video made me angry & want to PUNCH Shirley Phelps Roeper IN THE FUCKING FACE!!!! MAN I HOPE THEY DIE! SUCH HATE! UNG
Figured tis the season to be fat. For a bit. And then start working properly on weight in the New Year-A is coming to gym with me!
read the emacs-rails codebase and then see why emacs is just damn cool
Well I'm sure you'll feel better w a little Jizz in your pants over Heath. BTW  Jizz was so NOT this year's Dick in a Box!
  ohhh i dont no whats with these super hard questions
read the emacs-rails codebase and then see why emacs is just damn cool
  no but i so wanna go this year!
  okayyyy
ummm. Ya. That's pretty damn pimp.
Damn. That is tired.
damn that shit probably gonna be pack like a can of spam
oh man that sucks. I'm sorry. Sucks to live with people who are dirty..trust me  I can relate.
Still - it's damn moronic that media people can't access media - particularly media made by their own company!
damn man kn frnd e
 Are you afraid of snakes?
don't hate!
 What was the most painful thing you had to tell someone?
 she sucks. she can go fuck herself. xD
just avoided a stupid ass fight. Some chick was tryin to provoke my cuz. But everything is good.
No Whale  FTW!  I'm liking the Struts / WebWork analogy for Rails / Merb.  But then again  I'm old school like that.
 M3 @nd m@ d@d vv@$ 3@+!n d!nn3r @nd ! Qu!(kly luk3d @+ y0ur f0rm$pr!nq p!(+ur3 @nd d!d d@ b3$+ @nd d@ b!qq3$+ 0rq@$m y3+ @nd m@ p@ q0+ h0rny @nd d3n vv3 h@d $3x. !+ vv@$ unpr0+3(+3d. D0 y0u +h!nk !&;m pr3qn@n+ ??
ugh that sucks babe
- and btw I hate the new Pepsi logo/can. Maybe cause I didn't get one in the mail...ha j/k
ok I don't care what @cyandle says about being PC bc that is SO queer. And ftr  my gay friends would say something worse! ;)
  headphones
are you trying to say bacon sucks?
I know not to fuck with your rare beer game
violent ass...
its funny but fucking true I sent 1 message saying 15 minutes  and then 1 message saying that I was giving away a hammerburst
all the emo people will explode :o
no cuz soulja boy sucks he has no talent anyone can do what he does as long as they build the image thats all he has
Oh  conservation you mean! That is a good point.  I admire many socialists but hate their ideals socialism brings with it.
 sup? :]
- Rubacky's just too damn cute. :-) He's one of the best AMs around  too.
  nothing. i wish i was smelling food hahahaha
damn  after seeing that one I know I didn't win anything!
  just me.
those soubd so cute!! don't u luv/hate when u make gifts so well u want to keep them?
  they can be annoying
hmm so thats suk your soul hate and reinvent you to get my dry cleaning hate?
hell yeah fucking losers lol
  chicken veggie penne. Its amazingg :]
 y does u talk shit about peyton ?
 I don&apos;t like you ugly ass hoe. I bet your LESBAIN. You look like it. I bet when you older I&apos;ll see you in a anonymous porn ad. BTW I heard you stuff your bra...Hahahhaaaa No boobs!r
then eat  ass! Don't eat ass though  just eat...you ass
or pussy.
Oh now you gone and done it  jules is turning on the damn devil machine I'll have her text ya
Damn! I need 2 get my pole game where that chicks is....um  but 1st Ima need SOME pole game 2 start with! LMAO!
  who diz?
  Me. haha
 What to snack on at the movie theatres?
but we did that yesterday. or tomorrow? fuck  is confusing being from the futr.
 Do you like Care Bears?
i hate that i know some french...and the french you used  was the french i know
you  dear sister  are a freak. this heat sucks.
you left me for a slut named kasumi.
hahaha. once years ago when he was sleeping I applied some to his lips. I hate it when guys hve better lips 4 lipstick than me
 You have a boyfriend?
2 weeks? how am I gonna live without money for 2 fucking weeks?
be careful! Hood pigeons don't give a FUCK and pack heat! I've been robbed by them on countless occasions!
 cj is gay
i was spanked but do not  only because it makes my kid behave worse  so doesn't work. not a lot does work-kinda sucks too.
 that stupid bitch amber that went to our school tries to act like she ran our fucking school! we should put that bitchx back in her fucking place!
dude  fucking seriously  you watched hella  now pay or wait an hour. bull shit. I want Stage 6 back!
 The Beatles or The Temptations?
 okay  i added some people who want sexual spam  i dont do that over mass spam. if you want sexual spam  ask me to spam you individually and i will(: thank you!
idk who she is  I just found the link on /b/  couldn't stop laughing and then thought 'omglol Fray would hate her roflrofl'
  Oh Most Definantly.
anna just has to ruin the holidays for me  just like every year. Damn you anna!
 What can you say about Kurt Cobain? Impress me.
I like winamp  but video support sucks. I have media player classic installed but don't like it. Gom works great for video.
If I could run OS X on a Toughbook  you're damn sure I'd get one today.
(First Rule of Ass Club)  .. *hehe* ... Nobody talks about ass club.
Damn fucking skippy. I'm onthe same shit
It sucks!!! My kitty (adopted alley cat) only knows how to potty outside  so I was freezing my arse off trying to get it in. LOL
Sure glad you found something better to listen to. Would hate to hear you make the news "that" way
commiserating in the flu club (mine is tummy flu) w you. def. sucks being sick.
that's kinda dick-ish
it's big  fat JAVA
what happens when you run out of Word of the Gay words. :)
images don't always speak for what they should. I hate violence. I really do. I hope things will be 'peaceful' one day.
damn  that hurts.  I agree w/ @Wolfnoma more scotch will cure all that ails you
  sheos  hate  medication
I don't even own boots!  Damn the torpedos  open-toed shoes full steam ahead!
follow me  you jackass. i hate you sometimes.
fuck you
 whats your favorite holiday?
it's so true. using someone else's computer sucks!  Sorry about yours.
i was jus on this bitch like 4 hours ago before i was to go to sleep...fucking body clock!
regarding you and your tea obsession  you have become SO GAY  break out the Thermite man!!!!!  Shape up
my trainer likes to play games when I'm on the treadmill. He'll move the speed up and down up and down just to fuck with me
im sad there's only 15 more minutes left! i hate how it shows only once a week lol
Pretty sure it's CO2 and H2O produces sugar  but damn that was a long time ago
 did you help someone today?
dude...if u didnt tell me how 2 do this fucking thing(twittr) i wud prob still b lyk nowhere with it!
 i'm actually refreshing wil wheaton's blog right now to find out about his incredible announcement. i just can't help my inner nerd.
my anniversary's tomorrow. I've BEEN that same crazy bitch for 5 yrs tomorrow  lol.
...go absolutely insane.hate to be the bearer of bad news..LoL..dont shoot the messenger (cause we all know you bought that pistol
gotta hate those fake posers
what the fuck do you have to apologize for??
or moonlight and dryness. Damn that 5am wakeup.
  Entertainingly cheesy :]
  kkkkkk
fuck  i'm nervous.
SON OF A .... bitch! hahahahahahaha
  no. but i bet its cheesey
i was able to connect to may exchange with apple mail after they enabled active sync for my iphone. i hate entourage... so much
thank you so much for the energy!! i wish i definitely knew it was teething  i hate not knowing. he just stopped sleeping!!
Y'know  it's very stereotyped emo.. I know plenty of older people who follow the trend / cult the whole way.
aww that's awful!! XD I loved the art  and watching them all freak out. I hated the asian dude  he was a dmbass.
that sucks  who?
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
no she didnt yet. maybe she does hate us now. *sad day*
this pastor is a homophobic racist person who compares gay people to pedophiles. THIS IS NOT THE 1900S
it means - the fat beauty and yes lost 43 kgs thru heavy dieting n working out at the gym 6 days a week - that was 3 yrs ago
me too that damn jay for making such catchy tunes.
Stop it with that damn song
Those damn republican ninjas... what are we to do?
@KarenLongstaff damn  I'll put me kecks back on and put the camera away then?
Ew :( That sucks! I'm sorry.
  hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Damn cat. She snuck into Aidan's CRIB (1st time) he woke screaming - went in - he was squeezing her & she was kicking his tummy.
ewww  hate it hate it hate it!
Eh... me looking at pages and pages of pictures of naked gay japanese boys isn't helping me much....
not really; i think i named all of them  which kind of sucks.
- There there *hugs* Nobody sucks in relationship. Maybe it's about timing and the people :) It's OK.
 Where are ya From??=)
dating a 4 year old? Damn. You're faster than me. I only caught 3 year olds name.
i have damn good health insurance  luckily. so when i have a stroke today  i'll be covered.
  yes they are.
  Never;;
whoever created chocolate pecan pie  thank. thank you for my big fat ass.
prolly not I started the damn dishwasher lol
Aw.  Thanks for the hate!  I'm all warm and fuzzy!
AHHH I HATE THAT..
no YOU'RE amazing... and i'm feeling Fat and Sassy
yeah.  This sucks bad.  I am in an icicle tomb...tampon...tank.
 Are there any people on youtube that you subscribe too and always watch their vids?
he won't wanna pet the guinea pig?
I would have done it by now tbh. I have no words except just WHAT THE SHITTING FUCK ARE THEY THINKING!
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont .
  Dat one name HottBoi MiKeY !!!
2 weeks? how am I gonna live without money for 2 fucking weeks?
no i dont! He does. I hate his guts!!!
  I could have a better one. :(
if you tweet about that damn song one more time.... And its on the Scion double disc promo cd
that sucks! I hope you feel better soon *hug*
Drake.  He knows his mother was a bitch.
  FLOOR.
  so how ya ben???
  You know it :]
  For sureeee :]
  My 17th. My family went to Florida Disney World for a week and on the way back they took me to the beach  its what I wanted. I was sick the last 3 days and the entire way home. It was great.
ROTFLMAOOOOOOO WOW...Cumleone? Cum Alone? Oh sorry...thats funny though.
amazingly  i have yet to hit the one down the street with a molotov & scream "fuck the police" while doing so.
i don't know that bambi's ass is a nice place. LOL
 i wish u werre fake
they stole my slogan!!! I hate them for that!
ass.
for some reason I never see your damn tweets.  Indian larry is a clothing line.  u r a nerd.  sincerely  me. (also a nerd)
Re holidays prices going it - all of your reasons are valid but the real reason is because they hate me
Dude. That "Sleeps with Angels" song can straight up have my ass bawling. I also love the song "Hey Hey  My My" and Harvest Moon
My poor mom works w/ people like that  & she's highly sensitive to perfumes - has had to leave work a few times b/c of it. Sucks!
fuck that!
 Name your 3 closest friends. Which one is your very best friend?
D: that sucks! we def gotta hang out when you get a little more money!
  hahhahah yeah you!
lol kevin bought me damn near nothing and we dated for over 10 months. my life sucks.
This holiday is to celebrate a man nailed to a board. I want you to be MERRY about it. Why are you crying? DON"T FUCKING CRY!
Thinking about response/actions. Have decided its not going 2b ideal 4 anyone. Its sticky bc its family. Theres love/hate/dislike
  Meahh too ! Lol
Fuck  don't even get me started. As soon as I saw "Animal Fri--"  I was half way to creaming myself.
lucky bitch. i'm jealous. =D WE SEE HIM NEXT WEEK! OH YES. MARRY ME?
I'll love him in the biblical sense  just as soon as they chop his emo hair off.
 is you? BEAUTIFUL!! ;D http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=v1og5
  during the winter i do.
Then Clive is a total pussy and after reading his Dominion shit I do not believe that. Oh Clive so many missteps.
  hahahaha thanks i think? did you call me beautiful? thats a first <3
damn -- http://tinyurl.com/7b7nze
 What have you come to like though you use to hate it?
  not too bad usually
I DO UNDERSTAND! I WAS TRYING TO PISS YOU OFF! AND IT WORKED!
 Because they are FUCKING DUMB and annoying
That sucks. I am sorry  want me to vagina punch her for you  since I am sure you hurt too bad to do it yourself???
:) @NevadaGrey I just meant myspace in general  sucks. Slow as hell  and only thing going for it is/was music  but last.fm and blip.fm
She's probably saying all kinds of phony shit and giggling like she's 13 years old. God  I hate her.
damn. i guess i am the last man standing...
well damn we should have had a tweet up. I was at Kona last night as well.
We are flat broke. Ihave a year of paid hosting left on Bluehost. What can a broke ass ho do? Eh?
i hate firefox today. doesnt want to work at all - i have had to go on safari ;)
 What Color Are Your Eyes?
Baby-fat Obama. Honestly that doesn't look like the guy. But that does look like a Hawaii joint. I'm just sayin'.
Yeah... sucks.. But yo  I tried to go to your webpage link but it dont work? And wut school u go to? Howard?
YOUR INSANE BABBLE  HAVE YOU LOST YO DAMN MIND?
damn maybe i should drive up and join u
@Urban_Lindsay  good find! I'm a huge fan of the Fail Whale. I'm totally buying a shirt: http://www.zazzle.com/failwhale
What do you think about this in regards to your nerd daily lists: http://is.gd/a4vQ I'm just curious.
 What is the one thing in the world that makes you teary eyed?:
-- damn homie ... in highschool you was the man homie. fuck happened to you?
I blogged about my fail whale loyalty last night! on http://refinedgeek. com
  a different place. utopia.
you're having a bad-snow-day... that sucks!  if you are snowed in  noone will see your hair right? Trying to state the positives
aw that sucks!
Piss off. ;)
I am aware. Patient advocate in ED  patient  admin. Now preface launching into history with "kind of in the industry." Sucks.
 mr big dick daddy 4rm cincinnati....ooooowwwww!!!!
Could be worse you could be stuck in a nasty ass truck stop right? lets hope you get something tomorrow huh?
I listen to a lot of really weird music  and I hate most of what's on the radio  so it's not really for me.
FUCK AT&T!
 Would you ever have a long distance relationship?
  Not everyday. Usually when I wanna pretty or im going out for something special :)
  Hello there dear :) and your verrrryyy welcome.
awwwwz poor little emo girl
@cassiemeltesen no wonder they call us the three fat ugly girls! haha
hehe its all good. my drunken ass is moving off of twirl and to the crack...berry that is.  :) feel free to txt me yo. 3204694136
 Seriously  leave Tabi alone. WTF VVVVV
Haha no  I mean that I love the money & my coworkers  but hate how much time the jobs take up. It is fun to hate them though.
 Do you have any tattoos?  If not  any plans to get one?
  hmm..im currently listening to knock knock on wood . hahahhaha
ah damn.
That sucks. Are you alright?
  yep
What is Bromance? A gay love reality show? I don't watch TV unless its Grey's or Private Practice lol
  NO.
  you text mee
Connection interrupted. God damn.
faa lalala gay apparel daa da da daaa yuletide carol la la lala laaaa....
gotta hate that shit
Tell her she says Bitch like it's a bad thing
listen to u...who's the FREAK now? LOL
  1 year and 3 months
 I thought about how my mother fed me with a tiny spoon and fork  so I wonder what Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
haha... so you want to be a twitter slut... alright  fine... i'll be waiting for the moment you mature from a tease to a slut!
  :) HAHAHA AWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH <3
 B3(kyy
some peoples drama just sucks!
 I hope you hit My Big Fat Greek Restaurant for lunch!
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
 oh man. the malls are a mess  it grosses me out. ohhh capitalist dogma  how i hate you
  every now and then
No  you just piss out anything your body won't absorb.
Sure hope your dog will be OK. I'll be thinking of you. (I hate waiting for the vet to call.)
"Why I hate Bernie Madoff" http://is.gd/c9cu
 Have you ever been to South America or Africa?
I hate the Pats more than I hate boxed wine.
 How did your parents ever explain to you how babies were made? Did they give the bees &amp; flowers speech or said the whole truth?
Oh your're working tomorrow... Well that sucks!
its my guilty pleasure..i hate it but i cant help but watch..*hangs head low*
dude so weird  i feel like good will stole one of my best friends too  Damn the man
Unfortunately  I can't take credit for that blog-- I found it while surfing the 'net at 4am and laughed my ass off!
ok  I like this one...damn I wish we could these here in Oz...ROCKMOUNT FLEUR DE LIS SHIRTS FOR MEN...get the black/silver one
  Okaydokay.
I'll alert the gay-thorities.
  ATM Rue 21;D Or Forever21 <3
Eww - then it must be getting worse.  I hate the wind.  I think that is the worst part of winter  aside from shovelling.
I hate having to work ALL the time :)
  sister 18r borthers 11  8  8 months :]
I should round house kick ur al qaeda lookin ass in the face with my flip flops!
 What one thing are you exceptionally good at?
that sucks;{
Also  you are not Canadian  fuck.
  hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahaahahhahaahhahahaahahahaaaaaa!!!!!!!!
  idk haha
  hahahahaha http://lmgtfy.com/?q=What+is+a+dero%3F
 Answer your questions biatchh!! :L
 Favorite store?
 If you had to give up one favorite food  what would the most difficult?
 who&;s &quot;jokes&quot;
  Hmmm.. Perhaps how if we want to take over an entire country we can make sure we do so  but when it comes to third world starving countries..well we can only send so much food.r Another would be how we control missles by satelite and split atoms to destroy anything we want but we cant stop this oil spill. Ohh no. Its out of our control.r &amp;&amp; I guess the inhumane way of growing all our food supplies is something to overlook as well. Only being that the animals literally cant think  move  do anything ut produce giagantic chicken breasts and stand in their own poop their entire life till the stock yards. Sooo its way out of our hands for that as well. r All these things need to be asked to our 'Oh SO lets make a change' president because the way I see it  theres no changes only what the government cares about is what is necessary. and that is wrong.
 spam
k im hella boredddddddd hurry the fuck up i saw my bro playing it  game looks sick
  a nursing degree already.r a lott of land to live off of.r some money i could just give away to those who work their entire life and can never get ahead.r &amp; a dog. bullmastiff. purebreed. i love them.
trust me dog I dont even FOCUS on females I'm so focused I got NO time for these broads the opposite sex will fuck a persons head up
  A boa knife by the bed. a in thick lead pipe under my end table and i guess anything thats around..my laptop cords to strangle or we have wood chisels that would take out an eye lol
You gonna change your mind now and come to CES..if so give me a tweet kick ur ass in someww pinball.
longboard + fat hill + car
Why what? Hate payment history letters?
~ anyone w/10K followers merits kick ass tips! . ..& keep that Aloha Spirit flowin' because the mainland definitely needs it!!
Gah fuck off  tainting my private account with new followers. xD
Hey... If my lazy ass can do it.. you can too! :)
 Are you a morning or night person?
Funny I always thought Job Security is dependent to how much ass you can kiss? (wait I guess they are one of the same if you think..)
@socalcub I made a spice cake for @polomex....cum git sum!
mostly about the gaza bombings. It sucks in todays world being pro-military. No one wants military until it's their ass in trouble.
and the arabs pussy count reaches 250 million. There I said it  we're all a bunch of pussies. No offence to the pussies
what is up with viva la vida having almost all its songs in 2 parts? i hate part 1 of "42" but love the 2nd half!
  mmmmmmmmm idkkkkkk i cant choose. possible something from mayday parade or plug in stereo
 What is the nicest thing you&;ve ever done and the worst thing you&;ve ever done
HATE.YOU.SO.MUCH.
im not that crippled  in gym we were laying on our stomachs and some fat kid landed on my upright foot and it hurts like a mofo
Hey~~Happy New Year new friend !! enjoy the movie~ think of me when the crazy proff shows up..damn...can't remember his name
  whats candyman? hahha
 Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
 what&;s your favorite tv show?
ugh  yes. I am a consumer whore... "and how!"
Damn! now I remember that people used to call you Benyl! forgot that little detail  you see
 OH VISIT ME IF YOU TRAVEL THE WORLD KTHXBYE. xx
was just joking...hate people who act that way
lol kevin bought me damn near nothing and we dated for over 10 months. my life sucks.
  nope
 are you the ideal person that you want to be? if not  what would you do to about it?
 anyone or someone particular?
 will you blow me now?
The winner eats the blintz  and the loser(s) watch the winner eat the blintz. Marquess of Queensbury rules apply. En garde!
 Love or Hate?
Male Chauvinist Pig. :P
  This person actually told me this &quot;fried&quot; i had was not a true friend and she wants me 2 still be this person's friend! Thats a NONO!
fuck I just did my flist cut and saw your name striked through - HEARTATTACK!
  same thing again  man nor woman it makes no difference. i would see i suppose
that gem fucking with santogold and kanye west is fucking sick! love it.
DAMN TJ  You getting called out in songs now??!!
Damn  I need one of those for my Elite that kicked the bucket yesterday!
 If abandoned alone in the wilderness would you survive?
I hate you with the hate of a thousand hates. ;)
  If someone would give me money to do it
  awhhhh thanks  who is this?
 Are you still sinqle.?
 Okay well my computer won&;t let me ask you anymore question right now emahsnouoy haha so i&;ll hit you up later? :]
We loovveee chicken.  Damn i do also so I really shouldn't complain.  And since I found the chicken i am in a better mood.
  Hello to you to :)
Breakfast Pig's Feet  SWeezy? Y'all havin' Mimosas with that  homey?
yeah. subconscious sucks sometimes. always telling me what I'm doing is wrong. Most of the time it's not. :)
i give up fuck aim. ill ttyl.
I don't think so. were almost in Ken-fuck-me...I mean kentucky  haha. so. actually just got in there now! haha kenfuckmeee! wo ...
 Are the best things in life free?
Fat blonde male overheard  "Yeh my body changed when we had children too!"
Fuck I forgot. Will watch now.
Fuck. So much pressure. But as good as Swingers is... He was a fucking pussy with his girlfriend. So I have to go with Made.
damn  you're right... we do hate Windows :)
I am glad the snow turned to ice now when K Rock beats you  you can take off your underwear and sit in it bare ass. Youll  be sore
 I am going to go to bed now. I still ahve alot of stuff on my mind. Ehhh... well have a good/day. <3 Leave me things.
I'm with you man. Here I am on Twitter at 20 to 6 in the morn  damn.
 Do you wake up or open your eyes first?
  Save the dog and plea with my boss i was on the news for saving a drowning dogs life!! Too check it out and hope I don't lose my job. If I do...then there are plenty of jobs out there that need a working :) ha
 What&;s the best gift you&;ve ever given?
Are you laughing your ass off with all these "juicy" twits?
  hey who diz?
  Thankk youu(;
 what was the last gift you gave?
ok! where is it then? send that bitch to me!! haha!
damn son  if my google reader ain't full enough as is  between reading and writing it is a wonder how i get anything done...
Damn thats nice.
the explosion of social media into mainstream business.  We will see everyone joining Twitter  its the "year of the nerd"
I always respond to that use of gay by asking if the subject really is "fag-o-licious".
@pidpoid Damn it! I've just splashed out &#163;1.29! I'll check our Aroundme as well!
that's the spirit! kick ass!
 Would you rather own a luxury yacht or a private jet?
actually i thought 'Damn she's hot!' when it came out! lol
bad mood. i think its bedtime. i hate alcohol it ruins everything. :( hey what u doin 2night? x
...go absolutely insane.hate to be the bearer of bad news..LoL..dont shoot the messenger (cause we all know you bought that pistol
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
 Spam for Spam? :)
 If you won a million dollars what would you do with it?
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
i really hate that song but thats like equivalent to "fuck them other niggas" to the 40 and up crowd
hahahhaha I hate that!
you can fuck right off about that hoodie thieving comment
 Faaaaake. :D
Ill save you the trouble sister. Here comes a big ol fuck France block coming your way here on the twitter.
That SUCKS on so many levels it hurts!
. . . HE'S FUCKING HIMSELF!
HAPPY FUCKING BDAY YOU OLD MAN!!!!!! &lt;3333333333 CELEBRATE TONIGHT WITH A TALL COLD ONE :) wooo!
 DUDE! let's make some fucking art!!!!
glad to hear you can surf; sucks about your eye tho :(
yo I only peeped the last 30mins-and I saw here and THOUGHT it was her but figured "naaah this bitch looks way broker" lol yikes
I miss being here...wish they had corporations here instead of a damn AQUARIUM! I miss Jimmies hotdogs...that dog food be JUMPIN! LOL
 i like learning french  how about you? =)
that sucks that the tweetup is at 3 and only for Jews - we were gonna see it early tomorrow :)
guy walks in to a bar with a duck on his head. The bartender says can I help you. The duck says yeah  get this guy off my ass.
You're soft...Dude ran our country into the ground with no shame whatsoever...People need to be throwing boots  fuck a shoe...
Eat twat   you twitter whore.
oh  i hate it. self righteous people makes me want to scream.
Damn him!  I had my milk all ready for some dunkin'
 No. It&;s not Pryce
Fuck that shit. I told people... "DON'T MAKE THAT ACCOUNT!" and someone had to do it. Fuck that shit.
i hate people sometimes-today is one of those more than usual days
  interesting.
oh no  I always try to make my desk look neat. Fail whale. There are always newspapers piling up  cables are worse!
Damn  why don't these people tell me what is going on?!?!?!?!? :P
dude.  she's fugly.  i think ur a desperate ass cam perv.
 Do you feel weird being around people you do not know?
wait until you have a final cut on your documentary before the sex change.  You don't want to fuck up continuity.
  No...
LMAO you fat?? I beg to differ. At least he didn't say he was sending Prince to your house to make pancakes! (Chappelle Show) lol
  haha okayyy the only one about six flags was with me and nicky  name another :)
;) I'm more of a Doc Ock girl myself. And yeah  nerd alert - I'd kill for Dr. Horrible underwear. Boyshort girl underwear.
  lmfao wtf yew tell mi
good  I'm working on Maps by Yeah Yeah Yeahs and another track on hard/expert.  because medium is fucking boo-urns.
  Most of the time. Sometimes I wish I could be more for others but At the time  My hands are tied with money and trying to get ahead.
Clearly. Decepticonian bitch. Or at least incomprehensible. We shall steal her bras!
I believe that's what you called my gray cardigan one time haha. You're going to make one fine ass grandma one day.
can you help clue me in on how to connect all facebook etc? thanks for coming last nite hope you didnt hate it lol
/nerd *laugh*
#NAME?
 what&;s your best achievement?
$1 per account = pulled from ass  just like his whole ehealthtrust model
oh I know  you gave me my epiphany. Now let's kick 08' in the ass and start again
 y is the sky blue?
can i have a monkey fuck?
  sometimes.
 what&;s up?
ROGER? No. He's not THAT gay.
ugh  I KNOW -- there isn't one!! And I hate when I go into a post  and click it -- it just opens the jpg! YUCK!
  hahahahahahahahahhahahaha lmao hahahahahah gosh i no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 What turns you off?
 If you had to throw away either your TV or your computer  which would you choose?
yeah and I am the man in the relationship @kRockXP your my bitch.
U stupid bitch. I said Its in my car u always at work or chillin with then regis niggas.  Don't piss me off.
awe that sucks I backup at least once every 2 weeks
@icyfrance THANK YOU DUDES for kombucha!  I am waiting to unleash the fucking fury on my gastronomics til later afternoon.
 Do you wear flipu2013flops even when it&;s cold outside?
 Do you hate being alone?
50's new video game is supposed to be setup like Gears2. Hopefully it sucks less than his late ones.
SHUT THE FUCK UP!
I am sorry to hear about your foot. That really sucks. I hope you feel better.
Yeah  especially if they're those big-ass soft pretzels. Those things are the bomb-diggity.
 ttabaabiii!1!!!!!?!?!?!?i loooovvvveee youuu!!!!!!!<3yayaay soooo....hmhmhnhmYYEESS i thought ofa question!!here goeez:::::what is your favorite BOOK!!!??*!@lockerbudddie@!*
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
Thanks! I'm a bit of a freak about those "looking back on the year" pieces each 12/31.
  kuz dea claimed iHit sum female wid a trash can
Ok  you figured me out. DAMN!
ud lyk it if they suxd ur dick.bt id kill them rit b4 i killed u.
HUJIKHJKUILJKKJ Lmaoooooo. I cannot stand y'all asian ass ho's.
and leave ur ass hardly call until they want to re up on your ass. Sometimes they dont even stay 15 min & out!
  Hey
Thanks. It sucks  but at least we're warm! And it's a Courtyard by Marriott  so not a dive.
Word  they're in the way. Always grabbing the ankles and needing food/care. FUCK BABIES.
 ew i wuld never be jelous of ur life. coke yup thats a drug to but u still seem to handle with it a lot. no one gives a flying fuck about ur life and leave andrew the fuck alone bc u only hate him for the firey cunt
 i wish you were bi or lezbian  your pretty :)
I listen to a lot of really weird music  and I hate most of what's on the radio  so it's not really for me.
Aww that sucks. My bf is so busy today too..I know how you feel :-(
Yes  Dick York. His animation was the best with that big nose and skinny legs. What memories.
shits gay!
we're talking threatening your ability to do business in a professional  not-over-the-top way. w/o being a cunt  somehow.
from what i hear from my parents... and newspaper he sucks. not a suitable candidate
damn  nice concept! gots to check with the brother vic though...
Yvonne that's a french ass name Yvonne.  My little cwasont .
oh man  I'm having a nerd heart attack
  does it wobble babi it be all ova da place
there you go...that's damn good to start. He's now branding himself  but he needs not to engage in worthless "beef"
  your good. haha
ill settle that bitch down real quick 
  Hahaha! Wait wht kind of drink! LOL well JackInTheBox is like not evn a mile away frmh my house! So there! i guess thts wht ur askin lmao! XP
you bet your sweet ass you will!
dang that sucks  i dont want to sound like A queer or anything but I think Chipmunks Kick Ass
re:magpie  yeah  like I want to piss off everyone following me on Twitter for whatever they decide to send me "up to...."
  you text me? haha
ohh everytime I see that nasty ass husband  wants me to beat the shit outta him
yo i just listened to "live and let die" Werdplay feat. Mic Geronimo..that song is so fucking insane.
  uhmmm ?
After our chat earlier this week  your tweet is a twerp. Thrive or Dive chick?
  yes
  Tempted to start baking cookies too.  Damn the diabetes  full speed ahead;)
Hell  I'm upset they allow him to get near a fucking camcorder  let alone direct anything. He'd fuck up a 3rd grade play.
hahahaha damn right!
I hear you. BTW  the Jonas brothers are gay.
Christ I now hate year 11.  Though I'm sure lunchtimes will be amusing. :)
Dick.       (Get it?)
she took $60 from me  $50 from my sis 2 separate nights.  She says her stuff was jacked too.  Don't buy it. Betrayal sucks.
i've been on twitter 1 week and am about 20 shy of 500. does that make me a loser? LOL LOL LOL
if you can get me a signed copy of Jordan's book....we'll pull some qoutes during shows.  That guy kicks ass muchos muchos  wow
I had a dream involving a rhino chasing me because of my polo cologne. Everyone says it represents a fat woman. My life sucks.
  okaaaaayyy
awwwwz poor little emo girl
  jordin!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! rudeo did you say the other mean things to?
 DoIhKnowYuh?r AndYuhrLike...SpammingMyFS.
i hate "the line." i also hate the loud "WHEEL OF FORTUNE" sound bc that usually indicates a spin and EVERYBODY rushes over. nosy.
 How do you make holidays special?
LOL at the Razor Ramon shit. I surely was gonna Ultimate Warrior his ass. Shaking the ropes and the whole 9!
Anyone named kirby is a whore. It's one of the unspoken rules of life.
I knew you were cute and sweet  but damn  my teeth are aching!! http://xrl.us/GreenGiant
 you came up with angry gay guy...
big mistake. we gotta even it out. who da fuck else is in!
oooh  I wish I could! but then I have to shave my widow's peak to get them to hang right. And what a bitch to grow back! LOL
  ummm... what? u didnt know jose was my first kiss?
  i guess the other people in it?
- Nazi and Facist... I could you call you a commie pig  but that's not very gentleman-like #Gaza
I hate nearly everything about the first two HP movies.
 Elephants have very good memories. Who realised that and what other brain was it measured against?
  currently i like the frequency 94.9
lol no no.. we will kick the pig... (kick this thing off  do it  get r' done  etc.)
if i get scared ill be sure to throw u in the way so u shiver in terror and piss ur pants like u already did
whats wrong with a monkey fuck? Lol i got my zippo fueled so no need of monkey fucks now lol
 What&;s your dream car?
I knew it wouldn't freak u out when ur time came!  Capture it if u can.
damn i woulda waited it out for the 360 pimp
 lmfaoooooo. JEALOUS bitches make me sick!(; so nicoo  ahaah what th fxck is up! :D
 do you go to church regularly?
they have Mountain Song on GUITAR HERO? shit  i have to hate that song now
shut up please  it is too damn early for ur singing
& @lasandwich I hate calculus... :(
  My eyes! They are light brown and beautidul in the sun!(; Thanks God! oh and my hands! and ass lol jkjK!
So you are right... reciprocity is a bitch (Just not in the way that Lauren Hill meant it)
  Hmmm. he's an ?
 Where does most of your family live?
 your MIGHTY attractive  <33 ;D
Bill Donahue? Seriously? Ask him why he uses hate speech against gays  women and Jews and maybe I'd listen to his complaints
dude that sucks. On NYE nonetheless. Got a sore throat myself  hoping it's not strep. :-(
  Nope.
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
Damn skippy. I demand to see you before I leave.  You going to come meet BlendMom?
I totally missed your giveaway...damn and i wanted that!
LMAO!! Hot sauce indeed!  but sheeeeit. you can take a picture of @shaydechelle wrapped in ME! fuck the dumb lol
  Mall i guesss
thanks for the positive words of encouragement. . . we are doing our best to kick ass. . .
burritoville is dead? What the fuck?!
 Totally agree with you.  Fuck Prop 8.  very cool that apple came out publicly against 8 on the website.
  Apple store!(; Need a MAC pro!
 i get lost in your beautiful eyes
damn that sounds soooo good right now  *jealous*
lol fairr enough :L  Putting them up is a bitch though.
freak yeah  i do
that sucks... so are there plans to get back together? or are they done?
Dig him up? Fuck that - I'm picturing next years Halloween costume already!
 If you could ask God any one question  what would it be?
ground her now and she'll kick your ass lol
i am  just so behind now . . it sucks.
  I think the mama song :) hahar It was really pretty and it was the first time I had heard it  so live was awesome.
lol  that's what i do. i HATE wearing jeans at home  plus the ankles get all cold and wet cause of the snow!
I'm laughing at your "Don't hate me  please."  Can you imagine a man ever saying that?  Not to be gender specific  but...
People need to be more open minded and excepting of others beliefs. Merry Christmas is to speard joy  not hate.
  Thomas Gibson. He's an actor.
 Ello (:
OMG where? that sucks!!
how did you blog my own video before me?  Damn you're fast!!! I didn't even finish editing the youtube info yet!!! LMAO
posted the fat man version to the beyonce song.
uh bitch wtf is that suppose to mean?
  not that im aware
 I Hate When Formspring Messes Up  Don&;t You ? -_-
Bitch I will cut you! @strong_bow Whatever happened to just smoking weed? @inject Because it makes us feel so good.
ouch  why did you hate it?
  yes. raccoon. and i freaked. it was coming onto the expressway. only thing ive ever hit and plan on hitting. haha
  O H I O
damn work fire wall. can't go to myspace. :(
Who owns one - I just fix 'em! Hate it when electricals go to Hades.
 Does your name make any interesting anagrams?
If your next tweet is "pull my finger" I swear I'll piss my pants!!!
Scary? Yes. It's also really fucking cool. It reads like science fiction.
LOL u remains me of my friend she loves football LOL I personally hate it lmao
social network whore!
fuck right
  you felt like you could fly :D
All deaf. too fat .... LOL
http://twitpic.com/t47m - Srsly  I hate it.
hey fag why you gotta ask the whole world!? j/k your awesome
Yes but if your senses are dulled mebbe you no bitch so much? Or you should find a good human who's blood you wanna eat
I was like "why the fuck is Andy up  I thought everyone but Pete actually slept?" then I remembered the time difference.
With the departure of the Sonics  I've adopted them as my squad. I still fuck w/ CP3 and the Hornets  but I gotta go Pacific NW.
@calraigh OMG Spotz mentioned my doggie ass thread in the directors commentary. I am so glad to have provided him some giggles lmao
FUCK YEAH BIOSHOCK! Tell me how the apartment hunt goes!
--- each confit will make the fat saltier (it's already pretty salty)  and when it gets too salty I'm deep frying with it.
 do u have a cool anagram for your name
 Is love necessary in life?
  lmao idk wea its at....haha
 My pussy is still sadly missing.  *blinks*  Do you think this will affect my popularity.  *evil grin*
: Infact blackberry needs to employ his ass on the campaign to make the ultimate blackberry that his ass can not break or lose.
but for me its not about the calories or the fat  its about the dairy... I'm trying to avoid that. and Gluten.
 The children living next door are being horribly abused by their parents. The only way to stop the abuse is to adopt the children and care for them in your home. Would you?
Have you tried 'fuck' and 'Fuck'? (yes  they are different)
  No but not because I don't like them  I just think their overated. I have a pair of shoestringless nike that I rock :) their sweet cause they loook like gym shoes but their slip on and offs! lovee em.
if he's upset with Brandyn's work area I'd hate to see wha he thinks of mine :P
 tabi i think your the best but you push me away from being your friend because i did something wrong and i hate myself everyday and ive always regreted it happaneing i dont know if you know who i am but i want you too know i wish that never happened
on dude......a whale remember
Damn. 11a-2p RT @Orbitcast: New "Kids Stuff" show launching on Sirius XM Kids Place Live http://tinyurl.com/a49xds
I hate taking pic's. How do we know that your pic isn't stolen from a super model? LOL
 &quot;musta&quot;(mooosta)- a Filipino word w/c means how are you.. so  musta? :]
  Last time me and my boyfriend got pulled over for our license plate light being out. I owe some fines and didnt want to have to deal with that crap. but she didnt do anything. she let us go..thank goodness!
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
  ignorance is reallly annoying. im guessing your meaning my anger? soo yeah i cant stand rudness. its not necessary and I can totally rip a persons head for trying to degrade another. It drives me crazzzy :0 haha
the punk ass pistons?
*sigh* oh  Karrine. You said the phrase "Sluts with Butts" on a site called MomLogic.com. You fuck'n rule! :) LMAO
  bust their face.
you damn betcha
a) JTP is a douchebag b) Stewart kicks ass!
LOL Hon  I have been saying for a while now that this boy will be gay. It really bothers the hubs when I do  so Im tryin 2b good
I wish I could punch you square in the face. that's how much I hate you right now.
#NAME?
get some damn sleep! Sleepy Time tea is my savior  serious
I hate automated phone systems too  try http://www.gethuman.com/ !
damn... U should just stay home and call it a nite!
people that want to make sure that you know that they HATE HATE HATE lolis
Oh No! i'm not sick  but i hope you feel better.  Whatever you got  probably got it from that damn Russian!
They beeped out "cock" .. eh gad! What do they do with vera on corination street with here "Coming to the rovers cock?"
 What&;s one food you&;ll never eat again?
 What is your favorite salad dressing?
Oh get the fuck out of here with that already go bo and SMH at the complete retards on here typing to you
I hate that salt is on my new car
You'll get a million replies  so here is Japanese dirty words: Manko(pussy) Koshinukei(chicken) Teme(bastard/bitch)
uh uh u fucking bitch. haha dont take any coats  skinny jeans  slippers  gloves  bomber hats  or scarves.
Damn. Oh well  I can't raise my hand for every question. ;-)
How would you fancy being Jeff's resident bitch? Just his pet  he can take you out for walk and stuff. Straighten your hair...
  You definitely have a chance baby  and I'm really into you too :))) hopefully when i see you there will be some kissing going on<3 and I'm not perfect  YOU are<33
Happy birthday you damn sexy hobo!
15 bucks tho son? Damn.
 your a fuckin ugly bitch you look like a man in the face :)
lmfao! See this why I can't fuck w u! U kno I'm dead offa that Al B Shep!....
before i click on your link there  i just want to say that i am who i am and if that offends  ive done my fucking job. =)
hate on bush all you want he can dodge his shoes http://tinyurl.com/63gsj7
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
Well that sucks bro. And yes  I have. Alcohol has played a wonderful part.
I would pull the "I'm suing your ass"
@ember_myst @spellchaser Just so you know  I'm staking my claim on etherist. I am in full on crush! Sucks that he's married. :P
i only buy magazines at the airport- i love bitch and bust too.
request the cancellation of our account and was told to call 1-800-Comcast-Sucks while your analyst "has left the room" :( :(
its a little bit of both. My sister likes younger men so she can control them. Meanwhile his retarded ass just does it smh
@kurot they hurt TAT;; I hate going to the doctors...
 What was the last thing you made with your own hands?
A lot of people find my blog by searching for jonas brothers stuff or something with the word slut in their search.
 how often do you go braless?
bitch was craaaaaaaazzzzzzzzzzy!
no not bad at all just hate un endure the greed on christmas eve night cause no one waits till christmas anymore
but...but...to hate them is sin!!! just give me the ones you get angry with...i'll take care of them! hahaha
Hopefully  I'll be able to get the damn things on- he's ferocious when cornered  hungry  or just feeling rascally...
Damn they looked like crap last night!! I have to say that lots of bad words came out of my mouth last night! ugh Next year
too late  I am skipping town bitch! (gets on express train)
now who's the fucking hipster?As if you not dig Kanye! @dianor heyyy how you doin' @noarmsjames the man has great beats+lyrics
it's one thing if it's my friends using it on me  but I hate when 23 year olds message me on OKC and call me that or Older woman
 are you dateing a &;&;jaybee alxeander?&;&;
damn near epic. thoroughly trashed and my cuz's friends are chill. depeche mode with a beat left my ass on the dance floor
aww  that soo sucks D:
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
i hate to say i use gmail to avoid deleting emails. i still have messages from '05!! but they're mostly tucked away in folders.
 have you ever been in trouble with the law
 are your parents on facebook?
You'd be television slut.
 damn 'reply' button ... -.-
just got the free iPhone one this sucks and I am new to the twitter world.
I hope you dont hate me too much for pointing you in that flights direction?
 does anyone sang you a song on public? if so  describe he did it
fuck yes.  I hate them at work...
Were you really making fun of my boy haircut?  Now you only wish yours was as good as mine - karma's a bitch  boy!  Bzzz  OOPS!
  Weird you say that. My boyfriend says that all the time. Im his angel in disguise haha. Idk thou sometimes..angels are perfection and im far from that..
do you use the term fuck on a stick
You're quite right. I withdraw my aggressive commenting. Fuck-ton should be more widely used.
or posse as @derickrethans liked to point out ... damn spelling bee kid
they sure seem to LOVE you -- damn name droppers.
  Mmmh... My second grade teach Mrs. Caldwell <3
no caffiene would kick my ass too - I'm addicted to my Dew
I like to look at it as "meeting their needs" not necessarily "kissing ass"... although if you can do both - do!
I hate that...so many times I've accidentally sent ppl messages with duck instead of fuck in them!!!
  Honestly I don't know yet. I will find out in a few months(:
Because "Oh  for fuck's sake!" has so much more impact. And our generation likes to offend old people as deeply as possible.
  serious? they are a good band :D
 Sorry i just thought of one more good question.........Would you break the law to save a loved one?
Damn being on the cutting nerdyedge.
 best lil wayne song?
 what&; your favorite blink 182 song?
 What is the first thing you think of when you see a cow?
I don't hate you all the time. Just sometimes. Not enough to unfollow and block you. lol
  because your supposed to look up and be aware something is going to potentially hit you in the head..therefore i do look up just quickly and aware!! you should do the same. think about it! :)
ah damn...my linksys is v.5  won't work with Tomato.
  Nahhh your fine :)
I AM SO UPSET RIGHT NOW IRL  GODDAMN YOU. I AM KEEPING HIM TIED TO THE BED AT NIGHT FROM NOW ON  FUCK YOU AND DAVROS.
  I dont hardly give IDK answers to your questions much so I dont believe your referring to me. But I feel like you don't read my answers anyway sooo idc if you spam me so much..
really? Thank fucking god for sleeping pills!
  Nope. I don't want to be a doctor. Only a nurse. traveling nurse actually :]
way to not text me back DICK. :P
HOLY SHIT. Fuck that band.
  6'0 <- lolz hmm im 5'1
I'm going to watch him kick Count Adamar's ass and then it's off to feed the beast.
  not showing up in pictures
Well then get some damn sleep ya dumbass! Lol
yes i love the pillows  livejournal jrock rotations (get an lj  they're sick) and uhh fuck i dunno  twitter?? just the site
  Janet jackson. You ain't right. :]
I hate the vibrate on the Moto Q  period. It is so loud.
 Are one handed people offended when police tell them to put their hands up?
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!! & yes I made them for mark & my son.
  lovely day in with my family :]
&lt;~Nerd Lol.. Thanks for making me smile with the reply though...
  I used to have a ton more than i do now. Why aren't we friends on fb yet??? hahaha
ways to kick your own ass in the gym? Bring in a coke and fries with you  or wear a polyester leisure suit.
 hi!
 Name 3 cheese products you like.
Haha yeah he's called both but Father Christmas is just the typical English name for him.... and yeah hes fat lol
he's a total loser spending his last howard stern money on internet sex
  I don't know what an ocean park is.. but if it counts  I've went to seaworld twice :]
the day after christmas and not yet :/ so I will be there early sigh fuck my life
well clearly the shoe purchase is more impressive  because ITS A FUCKING SHOE!!!
freak yeah  i do
damn I can't believe all that happen to her hair. I always thought it was simple 2 straighten natural hair
 what&;s the Kindest thing anyone has ever done for you ??
Why the fuck? What's the point?
I never said anything about lovin ya  dick cheese  just that I say your name alot  probable with fuck in there somewhere
It could be pig's lips from a garbage bag! Perk up  buttercup!
damn it.
 &quot;Show your face Anonymous&quot; WTF?! You make no sense you fake ugly bitch
But surely  i need to improve on the digestive front. Ain't any fat panda :P
haha thats sucks.. if that happened to me  idk what i would have done.
I love the weather when I can sit inside my office and drink coffee and look out the window. Sucks to drive 160 miles in it
no. no. no toasted ass. kaya toast please! :D
no!!!! Ahhh he is fucking crazy hes been killing himself since yesterday still nothing!
  yup sure did
ARGH!  I hate that too!
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahaha love you to :)
- word up  the Dragonball movie trailer offically has me upset.  It's looks MAD cheesy & bootleg.  Chow Yun Fat is the only cool dude
 i love you  you are gorgous!
 are you a trusting person?
I don't blame you...I don't drive in snow either.  Fuck snow!!
 Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.
tell da steroids man he looks fat.. That should do it.. Hehe..
  myspace for the freedom of creativity :] and facebook for the social aspect.
  Never........
Damn that was fast woman!! I didn't even finsh my post yet!!
Big Fat Quiz of The Year 2008 is on C4+1.
man! and you're texting while driving? haha crazy! damn you're lucky. i wish my parents would let me go! 30% chance i'm going
  thank you.
 is love really blind? why or why not?
You. Your ass in TF2 now.
Thanks for sharing LJKA an acronym to live by... Lets Just Kick Ass! no meetings... no folderol... my favorite mode also!
 Can you do a cartwheel?
if you can get me a signed copy of Jordan's book....we'll pull some qoutes during shows.  That guy kicks ass muchos muchos  wow
That sucks - at least I have my iPod. Still  least I'm not alone! :D
and fuck you I am a miracle :D
Goldies has the nastiest beer! :/ and the bartender is a fucking asshole. Haha.
  ALL thee twilight books chuz she got some good mula baby!
Long enough to know you're an ass! You could see that jellyfish shit coming though..
Mht. klatrev&#230;g kan du m&#229;ske hive fat i @solberg - han er friluftsmand og tidligere ansat i en Spejder Sport :)
Oh  Hannah  I am so  so sorry for your loss. I've done the deathbed vigil and it sucks. I hope your pain eases with time. Love
I hate having to work ALL the time :)
LOL - nah  that's just what we tell the loser guests that we usually toss down in the newsroom!! oh  wait...
Kick. Ass. That sounds so much an incredible experience :-)
Oh I hate that!  After one mortifying experience I never ask a woman if she's pregnant.
And boycott that fucking bar if they don't carry it!
home now. Misses wont let me drink beer tonight cus I gotta do shit tomorow morning.Sucks.
everybody sucks today.  bleah!
  lmfao seriously...Well idc Alot of femalez got a crush on mi
Oh honey  just hold in your mind the rankest thing a guy has ever done to piss you off  and you'll have bitchy in no time.
 favorite food when i&;s freezing cold?
BELIEVE IT. lol. I still love you. It's just that I would hate myself for passing up an opportunity to laugh so hard @ a show.
YES! Now All I Have To Do It Talk To The Pack... Simple Enough  & Bribe Leah  Damn! thats a Hard.
anna just has to ruin the holidays for me  just like every year. Damn you anna!
I'm keeping it now *just* to piss you off. hehehe
Im watching it now...Ice is like an old uncle who can still rap and tear that ass up lyrically
tell me where you want to go. I'll be there. I'm at woofs. It sucks. :(
no. ur 13 get the fuck off the internet and get back to playing with ur easy bake oven. stupid parents buyin brats iphones.
fuck yeah!!
  ya iGot yo request... Damn yew gotta lil ass behind yew
mate u know there are french umbracians out there cg09 u may get ur ass whupped :-}
we need his ass.  And A.J. We need even more!
why can't I bitch about AT&T? I have it for god's sake. I hate the boys club...
  yes :)
Me too!  I hate facebook!  Transatlantic hi5!
for one  they aren't a "mac" company any more  by any means. And for another  January sucks for major
Reminds me of another apt metaphor (Northerners say "fuck you" to mean "how nice"; Southerners say "how nice" to mean "fuck you").
  nope. but i wink at timmy sometimes :]
 If you could have invented one thing  what would it have been?
grab that... It's yours  bitch!
 Tabi&;s a ninja :D and I&;m a ninja star you spin me round and round. Lol being anonymous hides my shame for making that lame pickup line :)
still miami just got through customs. these fucking immagrants are driving me nuts! 2nd language my ass fuck em' all...
 If Jimmy cracks corn and no one cares  why is there a stupid song about him?
yeah those darn gay alarms at CVS.....
I aint talkin bout food hungry ass nigga. Im talkin bout the takeover!!
i hate kings of leon
 hey why dont you go kill yourself alot of ppl would be really happy :)
I know - I really wanted to go to the show - but I gotta be responsible. I was in class w/all the idiots. I hate them all!
 are you studying or working?
No  but "Listening to Deathcab for Cutie while missing Burning man staff party...etc" would have been way emo.
 Do you sleep with noise or in complete silence?
LMAO!! I seen that  that dude was mad angry... then got his ass beat
Lawlz. yr a bitch. hoe.
That Cole lyric made me think of: I'm a kreep  I'm a loser You're so very special  I wish I was special. http://zi.ma/373a67
I haven't seen the movie but I read the book and sobbed. But I already know I'm a nerd.
 Why is it that some of us are cursed to constantly think? While on the other hand other people so rarely do so?
 im a big fan of betty and u is ugler than her so fuck up bitch u ugly shit head
Well they had to get him away from Cali somehow.  And they needed a fucking ace.  So pay pay I hit you check the email.
ouch that sucks..
 I thought about how mothers feed their babies with tiny little spoons and forks so I wondered what do Chinese mothers use? Toothpicks?
you'll be a a monit-whore.
ah crap  I knew I was going to hate myself-must be bedtime.  How do you run a SB campaign though  must b for an existing site?
10 hours? Of sleep? In a row? Damn! That's merely a pipe dream for me. I haven't slept more than 4 hrs in a row in decades!
Damn homie...I've got a comfy ass couch at my spot & zimbabwe that puts NYC to shame...You should have hit me up...
Hopefully it's not layoffs.  and if it is  you better not be one.  you make kick ass sites.
Windows Mobile sucks!
why do you eat so much you fat bastard
bleezard! hate our local news: "top story: snow... in other news: snow... and hey  snow!" they live for this shiz
I hate stupid people.
Yes  I mean. No.  You don't hate me :D
 Text me?
psshhh!! your on the WRONG side of SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Damn you to hell for getting my hopes up. I though you were talking about Daley.
 Do you think the last person you kissed cares for you?
 can you cook?
damn it i totally forgot that one!
Also  I caught that "Gai-damn" earlier  and I support it 100% ;)
ME TOO! holy damn..i think her cell has been disconnected too...
LOL! Lullabot is my employer. A group of fun  nice people kicking major Drupal ass all over the world. :-)
I agree. I want to marry him too. Damn gay marriage and polygamy not being legal. Grrrr. Although I'd settle for a shag...
  Its sunday so i can sleep in :)
"hey've just proved how fucking irrelevant they are" ..By making you go and read them?
  yea -__-
DAMN! I'll wait a month before I send mine for a critique! LOL
damn I'm behind
I can guess  smelly slut.
If you really like Of Human Bondage  you'll love anything by Shakespeare. Sorry... I'm a Literature nerd and English major...
ha ha loser :)
2
hotel town whore is in the bed riding ol boy that treated her like shit and the freaky cop walks in the room
ah that sucks. Yeah freshness  even the word is refreshing. Anywho gotta be up early tomorrow  long day at work. Goodnight!
no she didnt yet. maybe she does hate us now. *sad day*
damn man. your find just made me hella depressed. you guys are doing a story on it correct?
try McDonalds.. :P although the coffee sucks (wonder hw many outlets still serve it)   net access is pretty decent..
HOLY SHIT. Fuck that band.
Bitch forced me on the scale!!! She should be happy I didn't hve my glock!!!!!!
  i really like dane cook
yo... you should have another show tomorrow cuz we had to record the past two days... damn albums...
i must hear this in meatspace cos i fear you're winding me... 'super awesome' my ass  LOL. no way do i believe you  HAHAHAHA! x
That sucks man. Especially when you rely on your connection for work. Been there  done that  got the t-shirt.
  YES!~!!!!
that sucks. At least you've got GB xD
 besides the country where you currently live  which country you want to spend the rest of your life?
 Who&;s the sexiest woman alive?
  my sister. :0
 Do you shower in the morning or at night before bed?
and it's a damn fine one.
 @ b!+(H l!k3 m3 m0@n$Z n $(R3@mSzZ
  Then talk to him lol
 What&;s something random that you&;re currently loving?
 k
 Nah you wish  so
 are you the person you want to be?
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
heh i'm a thunking (friggin hate that word - 'thunking' how daft - anyway) - is it a CON?
 do i know you?
FUCK YEAH BIOSHOCK! Tell me how the apartment hunt goes!
Man!!! You got out that garage hit them stairs so damn fast!!!!! lmao!!! Im like look at this nicca... lol..
mythbusters is a great and nerdy show. Embrace your inner nerd..no suprise they were on the launch of youtube live ha NERDZ ROOL
damn your phone....SEVEn SEEEVEEEENNN
cool. But that fireplace looks totaly gay.
welcome to my world: you're sick  some people think you're funny  others hate you  nobody wants to suck your cock.
that is  of course  if our god damn modem stays synced...
I hate you so much you stupid New York... douche. bagel.
Unfortunately  I can't take credit for that blog-- I found it while surfing the 'net at 4am and laughed my ass off!
Ech! LOL....if it was me  I would wash the sweats at least twice...then again I hate bugs!
Don't worry  it's free!  And @Goodeye says it's got easy achievements  if you're a gamerscore whore like me. ;)
we peak mid 90's but it's dry and daylight goes on forever (or so it seems) but winter sucks!
 If you were a monster  what monster would you be?
pussy!? :)
Oh that sucks. Hmm  maybe you'll get sick and need another house call soon...
 you'll get through it and win in the end. FUCK THAT SHIT IN THE FACE (as ange sez)!
Listen Guiness. Get your paddy-ass outta here
  Kindness to all  or your exiled to the shark sea.
 i never thought I would be friends with ________.
way to not text me back DICK. :P
how can you not like elf? Will ferrell is fucking brilliant in it
  typical. jeans and a cute blousee
  yes. slow danced with my boyfriend :)
because i'm a dumb ass.
I used to do the shopping but when my wife stopped worked a few years back she took over. It is just damn cold until April
 Do u like Krista?
nooooooooooooooo damn damn noooooo its not like that! eeeeee why meee
The guy who runs it is a major dick  underpays or doesn't pay models. He's harassed me and belittled me.
agreed re: winer  not sure why I was stating the obvious  must be the damn wine!  how would you improve twitter though?
  I did. And then realized I dont get on my account enough to follow a bazillion people and keep them all posted up on my life. So I deleted it. r So Im sticking with formspring :]
It's gay as fuck? I wasn't aware fuck could be gay? Why are you cussing?
You name it  it's contributing! Guess I just gotta get off the sauce  but it's the holiday & all these damn parties get n the way
i can never catch you on blogtv at night. damn time difference!
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
 iLove your nose ring!
aww that sucks :/
 What last made you laugh?cry?
 Does fuzzy logic tickle?
  :) yes i actually truely would.
who fucking behaves anyway?
I just assumed when you said "meet" you mean suck his dick  cuz that's what you do when you go to "meet" people.
  never
stay warm  Kyle. that sucks. we were lucky to get ours back today.
 Have you ever been to those cyber cafes to use the internet? How much they charge per hour? I did a long time ago &amp;&amp; its 3 dollar an hour!!!
  lmfao im telling yew
Do you realize your comment on parents dying comes off as a tad insensitive? like a "sucks to be you" comment
I shall eventually. Like after I get home from work tomorrow. Damn 10-4:30 shift that is sort of my sister's but not.
 Do astronauts change their clocks when they move over different time zones in space?
  I went to a wedding party this saturday! :] it was fun. I danced a lot ahhaha
  I collected beanie babies when i was younger :) loved them had cases for them and everything!!
I've been using thunderbird but am damn near ready to chuck it. too many smtp problems. three different servers points to client.
 I pick slut red. Just to stay on theme for today.
  how people are endlessly cruel to one another
 what age would you like to have kids?
 which do you think is stronger: love or happiness?
ohh damn bummer
i think i'm hating the celtics more  sorry. :|  they won last year. and i hate kobe  but he's a damn good player
 Beep.hello moto.its TEEANNUHH. Do u hav stds?
thats not funny i never am damn it lol
what do you use then? cuz I hate Itunes
 How many floors does your home have?
dude ur wack ass better be playin at medium or above cuz u need to step up ur game if u wanna challenge a rock god such as myself
 Are you due sometime this year for a doctor&;s visit?
charter sucks as is nothing but trouble - att needs to roll out uverse faster!
well that sux donkey dick. No interwebs is kinda a pain for ur work.
  no i like guys to much.
 ahaa to late i already sent youu onee[;
  Not very often
I can damn near listen to his album in it's entirety without skipping..which is a good thing
 What holiday is closest to your birthday?
 Can a short person &quot;talk down&quot; to a taller person?
damn your Jedi mind tricks!
 Would you have sex with a fat guy?!?!
 http://files.formspring.me/profile/20100511/4bea173ca6455_thumb.jpg
 Have you ever been on the guestlist for any event?
damn...wish I knew how to write script. I just did 9 and have 7 more to upgrade.
Let's fucking go!
he was yelling at me that golden axe sucks  I have to play castle crashers. Which is the same game but newer.
Awesome. Wouldn't have been near as funny w/o his contagious laughter or all the ass authorities making comments...
I hate to say it  but I get  like  4 spams a month. Maybe. Not sure how I'm able to do it. And I've had that email since '05.
I hate Lucky Charms. Who really wants to grub on stale marshmallows? Gross.
  davey jones. haha
cause i just need to get my mind away from all the bullshit out here..im bousta say fuck doin music...just promote others...
that damn cheddar...the hell?!!
totally loved Odo. But the Ferengi make my skin crawl. out of all the species  they're the ones i hate the most. yuck!
I know!  Going to have to mix some up to bring with me  I hate paying for drinks when I go out.
  nope. I love doggies
I just haven't had one in such a long long time. And that Moby Dick one is AWESOME. That's the best thing I've seen all day.
haha NATALIE WAZAP  ahhh damn i hav to go...my sis is forcing me off with a cane...ok not really but gtg luvya&lt;3
  Baby im down(;
Yah  you'd think I'd lose some FAT doing' all this shovelin'. But I guess eating brownies when I'm done negates something! Hah
coz it is attended by a lot of FAT people. You don't want me to show you the pics  do you? Oh  you were in it too!
 Do you believe there&;s intelligent life on other planets?
damn homey. you taking the camera for some hotel reviews?...obvi?
fuck em!
  hahhaha I would probably die of laughter.
You know what's going to happen at 7:00pm central? An announcement will be made that OU still sucks. :-)  (PS I think UR right)
trust me dog I dont even FOCUS on females I'm so focused I got NO time for these broads the opposite sex will fuck a persons head up
  naw now yew kno
my twitter limit is self imposed. I just know that I piss people off if I do more than a few dozen tweets. See ya later!
 What in your opinion would be the hardest drug to quit?
 Do you like to clean?
Top three tips: 1) scan updates  2) pay more attention to @ replies and 3) set time limits before it sucks your day! ;)
 If a stripper gets breast implants can she write it off on her taxes as a business expense?
gee  i'd hate to see what you say about the family ;)
 If vegetarians love animals so much  why do they eat all their food?
that is one damn scary thought.....
same 4 u make sure yo ass is up
Awhh damn! I was gettin excited
I hate those backgrounds because you can't click on any of those listed links. I find it frustrating.
 She also stood on her chair and screamed "Don't pick the fat chicks from Danvers" when he was bringing someone up on stage.
- Daniel  are you doing any fat loss seminars in January? I've heard from lots of Aussies who want one! You'd be great!
that sucks... she should prolly just change her major lol
Nerd alert!
bitch... lol jk
  Sometimes if im looking forward to gettin the call from that particular person.
I hate to hear that... Please let me know if you have any issues with the return and I'll remedy... because I can :)
exactly. hate it when random readers drop with crazy comments w/o actually looking around and "Reading". She did turn around
Rooster is my bitch!
  I snore sometimes so im told . and nahh i lay pretty still when it comes to sleep. I sleep like a log. ha
its not hate on government  its hate on our existing government.
Still warming up from shoveling my LONG driveway.  Damn broken snow blower.   Anybody know anybody who repairs them reliably?
Dang Id hate to see whats in Twinkies!
Bitch  I was doing laundry first. haha jk. Or am I?
ass.
i hate people who update their fb status more than once a day unless absolutely necessary...tweets-thats what they're for!
  Nice :)
that's exactly what snapped me out of my funk. she was way 2 sparkly & loved xmas. she would hate it if i was gloomy
 if you could change your name to anything you want  what would you call yourself?
hey umm.. talisa  even tho I don't give a rats ass bout this shit   | talisa  the damn monkey mail doesn't come on monday lol
Damn I'm sorry to hear that. =( well its a treat when you do go I'm sure!
I mix the low fat vanilla w/ the toffee to save some calories.
well clean the damn floor!
there you go denying stuff again. until Maury clears you on TV w/ an "i aint yo daddy test " your ass is suspect.
that rly sucks gabe. drink a lot of warm tea! it helps me when i have a sore throat but then again urs is much more srs. :(
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
  popcorn!!! twizzlers. and some mike and ikes.
You're content coz you have The Kooks!!! They're so damn feel good!
man! and you're texting while driving? haha crazy! damn you're lucky. i wish my parents would let me go! 30% chance i'm going
yeah  cause his dick is a different size
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
- I never thought about Writer's Revenge.  While they're at it  they can have Burke "phone in" to declare he's gay.
OMG your so MEAN .. really really mean +_+  i hate you .. hifftt
  i dont no haha
Yo Scott  @tomvenuto is launching Body Fat Solution book on Friday...  Any chance you can mail that day my friend?
haha you're asking the wrong person. i hate eating out! (i'm really weird) you should ask huan  he's a total foodie :)
I hate when my internet connection messes up.  I am glad yours is working better now. :-)
hey  who came up with your name design?? that is cool ass design...
@KitchenGirlJo what's the fail whale?
yeah it really sucks I need to manage my time better I guess or maybe I should party haha. Oh well. C'est la vie I guess.
 Does it annoy you when people kiss in public?
Bitch  I was doing laundry first. haha jk. Or am I?
the way fat people (who want to slim) look at thin people?
aww damn now u know how much your Christmas present was *sobs*
Tea sucks. Recommends 3 cups/night. Right.
He was just being a dick in H CoT4  his attitude caused wipes  which made him a bigger dick. It was a vicious circle.
sucks to be you :) have fun regardless
  Karma YES. Destiny NO.
i hope so that way i can fuck him over continuously.
ever fooled w TwenMax? Saved our ass plenty times. http://blog.greensock.com/tweenmaxas3/
 If heat rises  shouldn&;t hell be cold?
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
that damn camera!!! lmao
I hate to make you grumble so  wackiland!
 If a doctor suddenly had a heart attack while doing surgery  would the other doctors work on the doctor or the patient?
omg i would shop my ass off but that's because i have like zero long term goals :(
oh ok it's the dick-in-a-box guys  that explains the timberlake appearance
girlfriend where the fuck did u find that photo! lmao!
Cock waffle...lmao maybe your list should be a small dictionary of terms to use in 2009.
damn i was worried if you knew it was me
Damn  some in-n-out would hit the spot.
fuck duke!
  my mum
I would have done the same but been a bitch about it lol
sorry i missed you @ Cain but they weren't very nice to my gay boy - I think some1 was jealous...missu  hope to see ya soon ;)
its ok decided not to go to fam party. going back to bed. wtf moon i hate you. wtf life. dead.
  yum yum
 Who&;s small minded and snobby in texas and what made you so mad?
  Keeping up with the Kardashians! or Kendra! My FAV shows atm!:D
wow - mommy's little cheerleader! *must... not... take... the...piss......*
that  and "I'm not gay" aw I miss bonez.  I hope he's not in prison.
You tell them to Fuck Off. They'll listen
Wrote a song about it. Like hear it  here it go: "Duck bitch Duck-I throw my left shoe out-Duck bitch Duck"
  in theaters....SHUTTER ISLAND
- Fuck yeah!
actually  Andre is more squirrely than the Kia. I hate it a lot.
I think the only fight I was off on was the Griffin fight.  Love that guy  but damn if he didn't get totally pwnt.
What a fab site! I didn't see the cozy *snort* but I want the mermaid gloves! Damn I wish I'd paid attention to my Nana... xxx ooo
 Have you ever dreamed something then it came true?
 If you were given a chance to go to the moon  would you go? Why or why not?
  loose their mind. its something to focus on for the ones that cant except theres may be nothing for life after death.
damn...bird flu acting up again?
dude the ep is sick..Pussy and Tween Me & U are my Jams..
dude dont tell me what to do thats not your place. i do what i want. just chill the fuck out and worry about yourself.
you never posted your blog. and today is guest blog day. get with the program my slut pink zebra. LOL loveee you anyway!
  well if this is who i think it is  you didnt ask to see my poems  and i wrote some for you and i showed you and you didnt care much
WTF!? CHURCH!? Why? Church during the week makes no damn sense!!!!!
  Bruno
esp. if someone is working for an employer supportive of gay rights  seems wrong for someone to then not show up to work.
 NO NO NO NO NO I HATE YOU.
 What did you think of Eminems video for &quot;Love the way you lie&quot; (ft Rihanna)?
 cuter
LMAO! He's horrible. The Beatles changed the fucking WORLD! And are still an icon to this day. Who the fuck are you?!?!?
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
  Like another language..i know some :)
Turns out I hate shopping  too. Way too many sounds and smells. I just want to pee on everything.
fuck apparently i 4got that no homo part  guess i said that with a lot of homo
  Of course! :]
charter sucks as is nothing but trouble - att needs to roll out uverse faster!
nope--they'll think you finally got fat.  just sayin.  get those cards out.
omg srsy?? I loved ami  kat would always piss me off. She was always mad for no reason.
At least they only want a 3-5 minute promo. I hate when they want a 15 min promo- all aspects get covered  but it's too boring
damn cat....who does he think he is LOL
 Uqhhh Iquess Yew Goht Hoess All Ova Youh.! Lmao
WOW YOUR A BAD ASS... HAHA
 What annoys you most about living at home with your family?
  how do you no that??
attention whore!
wat a fag....
after that aired on cnn  my mom wrote me an email asking i knew about emo and if i was ok...WAT
damn that sucks..I hope you are ok now
hope i didn't actually scare you or freak you out in @BradmanTV earlier lol
Yahoo! Sports (I know...) mentioned Sergio & Travis for Hak  Conley & Crittenton. Damn  Jerryd still might not get PT then...
Reminds me of this Turkish guy I went to school with. A-hole. Everyone thought it was cultural. It wasn't. He was just a dick.
  a tonn :] I don't think my bf can hug me enough sometimes
damn i was hoping for some cash out of this... how bout 5 for pain and suffering lol
 Have you ever cried infront of alot of people?
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
Santa Cycle Rampage Ride starts at 10:30 at the Fat Abbey Bier Cafe (Juneau and Water). Bring your best red and white costume.
 i dont givafuck. ur friendless  previously stated in one of my other comments. except for firey  bitch
OMG your so MEAN .. really really mean +_+  i hate you .. hifftt
BTW TaskPaper  you were damn close. My sanity cannot allow me to try any more GTD apps. (not a few weeks anyway). HitList????
  I don't ive always liked kylee sooo get outta my bisnatch!!!
Will do! Thanks.  We'll update when pig story is on-line.  That one is really hilarious.
  lol no
  excuse to stand out about something
Oh damn. Saw the trailer for Dark City&#8230; Looks gooood&#8230;
if all goes according to plan  less than a day.  gotta get the fuck to baltimore :)
 yea you'll fuck around and get that ASS tapped tomorrow u keep talking reckless like you are doing
  Swedish fish &amp;&amp; reeeeses. YUM
  no. i dont but thats cuz im insecure about myself
NOOO EP!!!! That really sucks! You should hve jst waited in the car...lol!!! Hopefully it;s dark in there & no one looks dow ...
  love
  Awwhhh!!!Thank yuh Jacob ur really nice!!! Might be my new bestie <33 Thank YUH SO MUCH!
that sucks!
Now wait a second mr fanboy. You cant judge it without seeing it. You already think it sucks and its not even out.
wow.. Thats how people get fat haha
 Can you drive a manual shift vehicle?
I just needed an axcuse to share it.  I hate oatmeal  actually.
Damn it  now I have that Kiss song in my head. (Fortunately  I like that one)
UGH - the same!  I almost hate it.  Would love to get to sleep at 8or9 like my hubby.  Used to be an early bird!
Guess there wont be much skidding then. As is said hope you're on the ground floor or everyone will hate Green Grass and High Tides.
i would hate to be the twat thats being twitted. *ehem*ehem* but then again  its better than being the cunt thats called
damn u and ur single malt all i got is a blend :(
why do you make it sound so damn delicous?!?
  heck yess.
  All the time. haha  Unless we're going out. Its uhhh more comfy!
i REALLY hate you
 Do strangers try to talk to you too? (One old drunk dude just struck up a convo with Xen at the store.)
ugh  yes. I am a consumer whore... "and how!"
DAMN STRAIGHT! Give your momma a kiss for me too... and tell her that i want my sweater back o_O
 Have you ever asked someone out on a date?
Didn't make it to the Young Whore  although I do love it--I hosted the karaoke at a friend's house!  'Twas fun :)
oh I'm sayin I haven't found it when I've searched :( it's so damn funny
 do you love justin?
This guy was that weird solid fat looking type with skinny legs. More funny than scary
Damn that sounds good.  I love hush puppies!
  My best friend is married to a guy that has a little 2 year old girl
do you think you are nudging me to change my update...WHORE NAILS!
 Is there such thing in life as a selfless sacrafice?
are you just acting like a dick now?
 one thing you would want to disappear on this planet
im horny god damn porn fuck eon now I need real cock. where's ashley!
  yeeesss so much
  Okay Im super glad you asked me this question  only because its a common misconception about hiccups. Your not supposed to hold your breath. The reason you have hiccups in the first place  is lack of oxygen. So the usual hold your breath till your face turns blue and still keep holding it  isn't what makes them go away. Its the deep breath you take after holding your breath :]r r So to relieve my hiccups  I hold my breath ;) haha only to take a bigger breath afterward.
I hate you.
Hey~~Happy New Year new friend !! enjoy the movie~ think of me when the crazy proff shows up..damn...can't remember his name
Re : future - some ass.. kick it :D  btw ive caved in to fallout3 already
holy mother of fuck. that video was epic...give me some time to try and gather words to express my confusion/enjoyment combo....
lol u couldnt really see my big fat poinsetta on my hat lol!!
i second that. i hate banks
Have some kick-ass holidays guys.
 Dude they dont finish enclosing the fucking showers. I hate half assed jobs. Whats the reasononing behind it? Makes no sense.
There's a dfference? Damn.
  Dude thank you sooo much  that's what I've always wanted!!! Haha
think of it more as the open ended gift that lets them have something that makes em happy vs a piece of crap they hate. ;-)
Im glad to meet someone with similar FREAK gifts to me.  haha
 What&;s your favorite kind of fruit pie?
 but it says right above that i cant :(
nick and nora? fuck yes. let me know when you're going.
YOU haven't  but a lot of #blcks did.  That's the case with me. Story of my life and I don't give a damn.
Nerd alert!
Oldest son just turned 19 months and youngest is 5 weeks old. Damn dude  u look too young to have a 17 year old! :)
and we need to make more spooky cock-tail! what flavor v8 did we use?
 yu a dam lyee mikey yu kno ya mom behh tearn ya asz up.
LIKE YOU HATE A HUNDRED DOLLAR TIP. the other strippers must be SO JELLY. JAAAAY KAAAAAYYYYYY
  hahha i know!!
that means @mamatulip isn't leaving you for the fridge? (you being the bitch that is staying)
All those people who hate Hillary are the same ones who voted for her husband and loved her before Obama.  Just seems strange.
 THE LAST MESSAGE WAS JUST FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE BEING RUDE IF YOUR NOT DISREGARD!!! :)) SORRY IF I OFFENDED ANY OF YOU!!!
And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
if she gets that xbox for me. no one will ever see me for about 5 months ... you'll find me mad fat  smelly  with a huge beard
  yep
  why
bitch what ? hahaha. j/k.
 How Many Siblings Do You Have?
LMFAOOOOO. and he looks emo now? i'd believe it.
sorry  you have no cred. Two words: pig ears
  It's only life..by Kate Voelege
Ummm...was that our little brother's ass? And you dare judge me?
 Do you bite your lip a lot?
haha ugh this sucks :(
That was so. damn. funny.
no im just fucking pissed at shit
The potbelly has a big backyard. My Mom wd let my guinea pig run thru the house. She would repair the rug when it got chewed.
I think u left your manhood downstairs with your testicles. PUSSY!
- ergh I hate that! It's happened to me plenty times. D: Wear thick socks?
damn  i bought the wrong one!?
oh god  we have an icp display in our window  and weve been getting so many fucking juggalos and they smell sooo bad.
  i dont think so?
- yes. but i am getting tired of their 'hate the customer' funnies. Would be funnier if the service was better
well damn!! where have you been when i have needed you 'Mother Time'
you sir  are an ass. ;)
  Nahh. I like being a female :]
Ok  you're starting to sell me on these vinyl toys (damn  that sounds bad)
LOL - nah  that's just what we tell the loser guests that we usually toss down in the newsroom!! oh  wait...
damn homie  i hear they pulled the plug on your twitter game  thats foul..
  I appreciate the help ;)))
I freakin hate that! For me it's "Hi Rose" Rose is my last name you idiot! LOL
ya i know! lol AND big thunder mountain broke down! i only got 2 ride it once! i got a ton of bad luck. i think u stole it! bitch!
damn right it wi be!
gogo dancing is fucking classy  yo
 Do you dance in the shower?
fuck you Devi. slit em'!
  yes.
"its like it was a dream"....fag.
what's with the lack of internet? is it comcast? are they being a bitch?
not hating on the BX at all.... hating on the damn commute!
Oooo. It'd be annoying if it wasn't so damn cool :)
damn I wish it was 1 here so my day would almost be over; btw that Wiley track is my fucking anthem...good looks
and yet you *still* get all your facts wrong? It's a damn shame  man. ;)
...it is pretty damn funny to think that Bush drives people crazy to the point that they resort to throwing shoes.
  twice.
man  that sucks. need any more balls kicked? i'll do it!
"They're unlawful combatants."  Uh  no  Dick  *you're* unlawful imprisoners. God I hate those men.
Brave and controversial actions in public are always met with a good amount fucking stupidity in opinions devoid of any knowledge.
oh bugger at car screaming.. that sucks.... glad to hear the rest was all good
I hate when that happens.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST LET ME LOVE HIM IN PEACE?! HE IS NOT SPANKING YOUR SKANKY ASS EVER AGAIN  THAT'S FOR DAMN SURE
  Bra ;)
Dude  yer rooting around making a pig roast with no power.  Who's rational?  LOL
Yeah  Band of Brothers just 10 episodes? But damn they are 700Mbs each :'(
chrome is lame.  No competition fir firefox. Hate to say it but even IE is better.
because you HATE ME! I thought the 50% off sticker was a nice touch. (:
way to damn hard
  Hmmm...personal? root word.. lol umm probss... bubbly  nice  honest(sumtyms)
@nightmaremyles fuck yes to both of you.  &lt;3
wow i looked at the tinyurl of Barack Obama that you put up.... I am disgusted too  that such revolting hate is so prevalent..
Do you realize your comment on parents dying comes off as a tad insensitive? like a "sucks to be you" comment
i hate you.
"I hear what you sayin gurl but you mean to tell me you caint have friends??" *insert piss poor false sincerity here*
  Los Angeles! <33
 Do you like ketchup?
dont hate her  embrace her!
 what do you like best about formspring?
OKAY... HE'S GAY ;)
but you know what i hate ? the comments that are anonymous that i can't figure out who they are.
I feel like such a nerd watching this! I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
I wonder if there are any sparkling vampires in the vincinity. XD OH EDWARD!!! (I really hate Twilight  lol.)
 Are you healthy enough? The Formspring Team tries to be. We like: www.icareformybody.info
I don't care about his fucking kids.....I want JP's kids head on a plate.
  i dont no tomato sauce
  torment isn't much my style.
I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
  thats really a hard question. and to be honest i dont think i could care for the amount of children that are being abused and self sacrifice my entire life for them. thats really harsh and makes me sound awful but that exact senario is happening next to my parents house and when i was about 18 i thought that is something i would have been willing to do but now i see them and how far they are that it would almost be mear unfair and unsuccessful on my part for them. its all they know. and if the state wont do anything its sad to say but what could i do by ripping them from the only home they do know and tell them its all wrong. i guess im not that selfless. and its like 12 kids. so that would be a lot. idk. but rightnow  i dont think so. just because im not in any way capable of taking care of them any better rightnow anyways. other than the not abusing them but whats worse?
 Most of you said your parents kept them. Don&;t you find that creepy in a way?
and biggest. That would be a bad-ass name too. At least his middle name.
 mine are about 20min
 Woah Im Jealous  Well Hey Stranger :)
 Do you sleep with your closet doors open or closed?
 What last made you laugh?
Im just glad im gon be paid to sit on my ass lol
 you are stupid and ugly.
My mom would love it. Damn you Twitter. You make my friends convince me to buy exorbitantly priced holiday goodies!
yeah we do... damn this time difference *HUGS*
 N!GG@ YUH K!ND@ GOT DAT LIL WAYNE THANG GO!N 0N
Yeah  it's pretty cool  though having to add movies to your instant queue to watch them kinda sucks.
aw that sucks. it will get better  the day's not over yet :D
  We're all Human. its in some ours genetics i believe.
Yea that Simply Orange is That Deal..I be Drinkin That 2..Man I Hate Water its so nasty i never drink it lol...Juice Or Pop Forme
Yayyyy! Damn irish bitch! Congratulations!
  ew i hate twilight
J.Mayer sucks the big one.
Football. I hate it. It&#8217;s official  I&#8217;m bad luck.
 OMG that sucks! D:
Wheres the fucking egg nog brah?
Dude. That. Sucks. :(
  haha ummm  6th grade. like the middle of the year but i only wore them sometimes cuz i only had one pair. now its all i wear since 7th
 Favorite Christmas movie?
damn I have to drive my dad to the airport that time oh well wonder wit it's about
http://twitpic.com/xm6u - You have an inbox folder for CYA - Covering Your Ass?
hate bros
@lastlee...that movie was good...not boring...very gay....but equally good
yea the weather sucks. At least you missed the 8 degree weather though lol.
 That wasn&;t me
 What website do you spend the most time on?
 Who do you hate the most?
Have you heard any J-Fish songs. if you want a sneek peak I can send you a few songs =) I have all his CD's I'm a J-Fish freak lol
That sucks ...
e.g.: Mac: Windows sucks! Fitt's Law! My menu at the edge! NeXT: Whatevs  n00b. My menu is right here  where my mouse is. Suck it.
you need to eat more beets and freak them out next time.
ironic - I normally hate plastic 4 environmental reasons- this time  it actually saved some of the patterns from the wet grass
  You outta know by Alanis Morrissette ;]
 You have alot of clothes! Yur house is BIG and OMGEE Yur rich!!!
which keyboard do u hate? I hate iPhone keyboard. Yes touchscreen is cool but I WISH I had actual buttons 2 push! Less typo's
 Have you ever wondered how many people have lied to you?
 Do you dream in color?
LOL!!! VIOLATOR IS THE TRUTH!!! HATE THEM AND U MUST HATE URSELF!!!
@BikerSwag damn! No kidding!
Would you mind if I blogged about it to? Hate doing that without asking first! #cleanup09
- re: Retweeter  that sucks - can't stand peeps like that. Hubby really is a gift! I hope you have someone like that in your life
yes...and they are about to be fucking DISOWNED. *grumble*
Arrrgghhh! I hate him!
hahahhaha I hate that!
 When was the last time you went to the beach?r
- fucking tweet already! WE NEED NC TWEETING!
AHHHH. Brandy!!!! I LOVE 'HUMAN' like a fat kid loves cake! Thank you for making this album. AHHHHH I love you girl!! OMG!!!!!!
  nope. idk what i am haha
I hate those spam email that require forms - email is supposed to make it easier to talk not harder
interesting concept but I agree with @couture freak i don't think that's beneficial to u.
I was one of those of the ppl! Damn near left my Berry on the train LMAO
let's be gay together!
I hate you. :)
 I hate to admit it but  you appear to be more Jamaican than I am :-s :P
im in love wit yo ass 
my last tweet was supposed to be @ you. Damn twitteriffic reply system.
that sucks - hope you feel better. Too bad moms don't get to take sick days.
  hahahha thank you :)
i hate the "let's play introductions" throwaway day in classes of more than 5 at the beginning of a semester.
 member me? ;)
get off vins frigging iphone and go finish the damn saab so i can go home!
damn that is shady. Why would they put out a false report?
http://twitpic.com/vkky - Those are kinda cute...I like leggins for the most part but I can't stand them damn stirrup pants  ...
Yea it sucks!!
 Get fucking real dude.
 If you got arrested for murder  whom would you call with your telephone call from prison? And why?
  Not really. Traits of people that I hate? Most definantly.
And I hate godaddy's site so I'm having trouble changing it back AAAAGH!
those puppies get heavy. believe me. and clothing is a bitch to fit. cherish your perkiness.
I *thought* you'd be preparing! Best of luck - what a bad ass opportunity for you.
lol!!!!  I used to be the wknd assignment editor and would get mail addressed to "Weekend Ass". I didn't know how to feel.
ok got urz...hmmm mayb I just don't have good service here...damn Hawaii's bad infrastructure!
  I think there good :) I like most of your questions most of the time hahaha
no!!!! Ahhh he is fucking crazy hes been killing himself since yesterday still nothing!
psh bitch I'm at work running 2 trains with a 70 minute wait stupid kids and dumber parents I don't wanna hear it
#NAME?
damn right it should be  horrible stuff YUK!
I hate that entire area of new york.
Wtf. Fuck you
#NAME?
This week in fuck?
LIKE YOU HATE A HUNDRED DOLLAR TIP. the other strippers must be SO JELLY. JAAAAY KAAAAAYYYYYY
 If you could fix one thing about your life what would it be?
tweets that 'Bill O'Reilly is Gay' http://tinyurl.com/97jrc6 Hysterical prank.
You're going too? Fun.  @JesusNeedsNewPR I hate job hunting
lol  i know what you mean. But i kinda am a nerd so yeah  but still
that song is so emo to me
p.s. i hate you :)
This bad gay works for a company that likes to write people up for sneezing.
look im sitting at home twittering my ass off on a friday night. I should know better then anyone  lol
a) JTP is a douchebag b) Stewart kicks ass!
oh that sucks! apply for targets/walmarts
haven't the Palestinians suffered enough without having to deal with that fat fool......heh
what's a SB?  (I'm going to hate myself for asking-in the morning anyway)
damn  that is pimp!
Well get your ass busy!
YOU KNOW IT BITCH. :D
you're a fucking maniac.
  Proton definantly. Positive polly yes i am :]
Damn you for seeing the season premire over a month ago!!
Not talking about incident but more so the attitude that I'm gonna bitch & make a comp do something on a subjective matter.
HAHA  that did brighten my day considerably.  How about on the one day of Christmas my broke ass got my gf gift cert to Chili's
 hey you&;re an amazing nice and sweet girl..pretty too!
the fail whale?
 you still going to cali!
aw man that sucks!
..........I hate SUVs. They're a great big ugly road hazard as far as I'm concerned. And very few people really NEED them.
today what I need is a 40 ft mecha with laser canons and missile arrays following me around London bellowing DON'T BE EMO  ta
fuck continental!!! Though the prop plane was actually nice!!!
damn sorry to hear that keep off of it for a while
Um... I hate birds. Bleech!
fuck outta here - for reals?
mourning the death of even our enemies is part of our Passover rituals. Jews do not hate anyone. But we do defend ourselves.
  yes.
was that a racial comment? on it's going down!! bitch!
 vvvvvvvummmmmmmmm
it was just a joke man..i wasnt taking the piss out of anything.
I have both now. iPhone camera sucks as well as lack of other things  but email  twitter and apps are good. Big screen is nice.
  He's not really one of my favorites. But i likes MASK.
oh naps can be the death of your sleep  real shit lol. Im gonna be up for a while my damn self :O(
I love chipotle. Fuck you. :) haha
damn australians!
 Would you rather be as big as an elephant or as small as a mouse?
sucks 2 b washed up.. gangstas paradise was the shit
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin @ snow..lol
  bash my head against the wall hahaha ;)
  its been a while
damn I miss high school when the sneaker game was ill
  I guess. so
Aww... Dnt hate the weather  rain can be so soothing sometimes!^^ I still have one more test DD:
http://dznr.org/87pa &lt;- ass bumped the "What the heck is Unsanity doing?"-thread from march...
I still hate the Tinder Box... It hinders our couple social circle. Thank God the holidays are almost over.
  paris hilton
y'all are so fucking classy. miss you!
THAT WAS THE MOST  MOST BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CARD I HAVE EVER RECEIVED.  I MEAN  DAMN.  80
Shia LaBeuaf is dead to the world. He's probably not making any movies because he sucks.
not really; i think i named all of them  which kind of sucks.
  Ohio  USA. And its pretty rad :]
Figured tis the season to be fat. For a bit. And then start working properly on weight in the New Year-A is coming to gym with me!
$5 dick? any relation to a $5 footlong?
 will do when i get home  only time i heard it was warped though  fuck life!
imagine a building. not any building...a fucking 300 acre building full of weed....not any weed...but Caucasian Monkey-fuck Weed!
fuck yes
  Well   I guess I love youu too whore(:
oh no...he grew out of it (after a few ass whippings)....he just steals girls hearts now (he's 20). But yea he was a baby klepto
 sorry that was funny. &quot;playa playa&quot; ahah. :p
  mr. deeds. hilarious :)
This place sucks get a good job so I can stay home please pretty please aww fuck it am begging you. Lmao
 are you sick of hearing about michael jackson yet?
Youtube account? Oh Noze. I'd try the damn forgot password  but it does not always  work :(
happy for you  sucks for me!  this should have been SNOW!
Sonic CD and the Lunar games... might also try to go for Third World War and Popful Mail if I absolutely lose my fucking mind.
sorry my friend...no other team do i hate more than the cowboys...i do want jason witten to do well though
and @revengenow MOS will be ending in a chapter or two. you're gonna hate for the ending xD
"Flashing Lights " "Drunk & Hot Girls" (never got the hate for this)  "I Wonder" & "Everything I Am." this is my 2nd fav
what if he is "interested" in being "taken" by a "gay" person  hehe
bitch you wish.
don't get too fat or you'll turn into a boomer
I find the exact opposite to be true.  I can review a book I hate in fifteen minutes.  Good books take hours.
I felt the same way 3 weeks ago. And then proceeded to watch the whole. damn. thing. lol
Hey... Stop twitting and post a damn blog!
I hate when you get stuck out in the cold wearing cons.
@myownwoman407 & I DO NOT appreciate dis talk about asses *Nikki Ann snaps her fingers and sashays off  showin her fab ass* LOL!
 um da gurl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i alwayz be hearing u talk about her do u like her?
My problem is that bankers and investors have taken risks regardless of being told how bad things could fuck up.
Smack a bitch? :-D
My grandmother is a big bitch and my father's a fraking arsehole.
damn that's quite a long code...but  one thing I can tell right now is that STDOUT and tty output streams need not be same
That doesn't sound nice at all. As somebody who was made redundant with one day to trade last year with Swatch  I know it sucks!
  synonym book :P
 when they mean fake  they mean your attitude is fake and your personality  not if shes dead or alive..um just saying ppl.
 shan kinqst0n yo cuhz??? forrreal???
  possibly whats it to you? RAPE IN A BASKET....yer thats wat i thought..... no i dont no about him.
Thats what my aunt says. Still TMI. lol What are u watchin wit fat folks on it?
damn  sean and scott just cuttin heads out like some slumdogs
/emo damn you.
I do  but I'm an American. Hence  I'm a pussy.
@mekdot yo...heroes sucks!!! I loved season 1  despised 2 and feel like season 3 is a lousy high school special. BOO HISS BOO!!
  Datz mi kuzo !!! [[ nd Im Not lien ]]
omg me too! The holidays need to end now plz. Ppl are soo mean and nothing is jolly or holly! It sucks!
 u2584u2588u2580 u2588u2584 u2588u2584u2588 u2580u2588u2580
And by no one I assume you are including me...damn.
no holiday is worth that! florida sucks! but happy new year!!!!!!
Damn you for stealing the heat.
gitu emo jaman dulu ya :D
 will u cook with me in food tec whenever we cook next :P ?
 LOL FAT NIGGAZ UNITE FATRON!!! HAHAHAHA
  how to survive in this crazy khaos of a world i live in.
  ...........999 a girl?? lol oh god why did u make me so stupid??
  yes sure am :)
How would they define failure anyway? People giving up and going back to reruns of The Biggest Loser?
ur gay? me. u. mall. shopping!
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
I hate .... you .... zzzzzzzz
 If you eat chicken nuggets  what do you usually dip them in?
women lie too. I know a bitch who was pimping herself out on craigslist. Yes  craigslist. I didn't believe it till that email.
  Wow you really are persistent
duh! fat fish and winning the lottery go hand in hand
Now I'm gonna have to go back to McLuhan & Leary to help me translate WTF you just wrote.  Damn  I hate when that happens.  Heh.
 haha i don&;t judge!
Damn  tough call  but I'd have to say toddlers.
His ass gone fuck up his money by making retort videos. Disney ain't with that  Boy...Charles is trying to Kanye his way in
And we are having a pig roast and beef and goodies tonight before midnight with some of the people - I'm going to be dead tomorow
oooh that sucks. ibuprofin
I blame Alexx for making me put 'I love to say fuck' on my ipod
  Noo problem :] anytime.
  Beatles :]
I hate math really do!but will be happy as well when I finish university!
  hmm..paris hilton
 ur coooooool
  Crap this is hard  haha umm &quot;People Need Inspiration&quot;- The Last Song <33
 my sis is naked
 hello.
i couldnt agree more. HATE sandra lee!
FAT WHALE U still Floating  Did not SINK Yet?
nothing says you love him more than wooly ass sweaters and gift certificates for beer!
If you stay home to twitter and have a martini on NYE does that make you a loser?  don't answer that...  I don't want to know
You bet!  @Sashakane gave me the receipe!  Totally authenic!  I made a burrito out of the extra filling!  Damn tasty!!
Damn that sounds good. French toast with creamy peanut butter and real maple syrup. Damn. i'm hungry
I nominate @jcroft for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
You can never have a fat enough pipe for your wifi.
 @Dave_Malby acting as Colfax Chick's agent! After 100 followers I will make sure to get her ass down here and tweet with everyone
Duck fat online...the internet is a wonderful thing!
 How old are you?
  Its better for me to get too little. I can get more done! haha but its healthier to sleep more.
yeah  it sucks. 6 yrs down here & realizing we dont get snow. just ice. and nobody can drive in rain  let alone ice
Oh jeez  I had mercifully forgotten about fatman.  Should have been "assholeman-who-will-piss-everyone-completely-the-fuck-off."
i hate hate hate it with a passion!! lol...i know the calls are recorded i talk mad shyt down the phone LOL!!!
 i found you on jensens thingie. i cant really see your picture but i guess your cute?
you dont need a big fat spirit animal to be embarassed...
as much as I hate the winter  those pics are beautiful. We've had insane-o storms like that in MO. Sucks so bad  esp sans power
haha no gay stuff is good! cuz i tend to be attracted to females! haha jus chillen getting ready for work!
I heart TROLLS! PHASE 2 Damn it!
 Who is your favorite comedian?
ha ha loser :)
  I was on my way to work. Driving.
Is Windows Live now a Facebook wannabe? http://tinyurl.com/6py66j
Damn  sorry you came here to vent and had to left even more pissed.You had every right to.hope you'll relax some.'night
 hi
wow lol sounds like a lot of piss then hehehe
yeah but shes got a huge following....mi dick. LOL! ok  im sorry  I HAD to! =oP
 If you could choose to live on a different planet  which one would you choose?
I nominate @jcroft for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
 How come ur pics r all over photobucket. And this girl name Cheyenne Lerner has a BUNCH of pictures of u! Like more than u have!
and that makes you feel like "lifes a bitch"...  well in my opinion anyway :P
UNNNGGGG if he used that fucking word i'm never saying Epic Fail ever again..ooo i'd like to give him a sock in th..NEVERMIND!!
please get the fuck out of my house
what sucks extra hard is that it wouldn't even open and extra software was installed that i did not agree to. bif fat FAIL
that sucks for your teacher. poor guy. isn't your class full of adults? do they act mature like adults are supposed to?
I know...it sucks. Tomorrow night!
ha ha ha ha damn good :D
Damn man  you're on top of this! Your combined birthday/Christmas present might be a little late depending on supply.
  :?
 Are you bi?
I fukin called ya white pussy gammon ass like 2times smh...I juss got ofa work now...ima head by u
*twitch* I. Hate. You. J/k.
  Thanksss :) who is this? :D
  please lol
I would be saying the same damn thing about you. LMAO idc if I know you I'd be like see that ridiculous bitch? RI-DIC-U-LOUS
no it was a direct Church of Why Don't You Bloody Well Piss Off
I had ONE "tropical mai tai" yesterday. If I hadn't have already been sitting  it would have knocked me on my ass.
My book  Everything Sucks  comes out in August w/ HCI books. Keep an eye out :)
 what was ur favorite song???
damn. Don't want to visit a country that doesn't allow passport smile. Just want to go to Cabo soon.
  A painted wooden dragon.
Looks like they are all sold out already.  Damn.
Ernies on Thrusday nights. Best fucking Margaritas in the valley
It sucks :(
tomorrow morning we get an update i am so fucking hungover.
dammnn! Long ass day lol
 What is the last store you went to at the mall?
Save a Fighter Pilot's Ass  by Oscar Brand. Funny shit.
fuck 'em
Damn! Don't worry! Someone from The Maines livejouranl records it and posts the video! :)
mmmm fat kid pizza.
I thought they separated a few years back because he found out about her past adventures. these celebrity couples suck ass...lol
haha you'd think so right? I AM giving something away though i'm just surprised cause it's that high..my sqz  pg honestly sucks lol
that sucks =/ you'll get into the other ones.
i think its a cultural fad.. starbucks coffee sucks and its wayy overpriced.
 why did you fuck it up. I could do it all day too. Let's do it when you have an hour. Ping me later to sched writing a book here.
Woman please  I'd put my fat butt against your's any day and win. OK  that sounds dirtier than I meant it to be. LOL
I hate him.
come on  man. they can still come back. they're playing against raycroft. he sucks in the third. i know that as a leafs fan
Fuck you and your snow! Or  bring some of it down here? ;)
 What&;s usually colder  your hands or your feet?
  i dont want to date marry anyone
so do i! especially rocket. I hate celery though
oh noes! damn elves
Done. I've had my ass kicked by a duck before. Not an experience I want to replicate.
it's ok to bitch. Just be as quick to post good stuff too. Life is too great to just focus on the bad shit.
Wendy's - Oriental Chicken Salad w/ grilled chicken.  Way good.  I think it's 20 grams of fat just in the dressing  tho! Argh.
oh. yeah. no loving for nikki. poor nikki. she's too emo.
 N!qq@ @r3 yuh @ v!rq!n ? ! D0n&;+ +h!nk yuh !z
I don't really like either version  but my iTunes is trying to whore it out. What a pimp.
The 401 always sucks between Cobourg and Kingston. I'll be doing that joyous trek on Boxing Day to visit the relatives.
I kind of hate that place. It's so big I always feel in constant danger of getting lost.
DEAD ASS?!?!?!?!?!
damn. and now we got all the snow  everythinnn was fixed back to normal.
Ohhh I hate when that happens... but it's so worth it if it was a great party ;)
may be... but I hate them...!! cannot even imagine forgiving n forgettin..no ways..
funny ass movie
don't hate me when @shika comes after him for encouraging me :)
WOW what a loser. I hope seth has some good male role models in his life.
I just noticed that they're opening for 'em. Damn  I'm stupid.
  lol im ready for it
im not sure if i should taunt you with how awesome it is  or say im surprised it took this long to get snow hate twitters
 Do you prefer regular or chocolate milk?
i hate u
 Haha  i knowww.r i was kiiddding!
I would hate to be your cable modem at a time like this.  "Eek  I'm next!"
45 windows and only 12 open and about 30 people on break I mean I want 23 a hour to do not a damn thing
  If you don't mind me asking  how would you kill me?
I hate those things I walk haha don't care how far it is!
understand very well. Need you to share your diet secret. I'm porking. Ugh. Hate this ...
Actually  Dick Cheney slashed the funding of the program and cut the staff down to 1 person  which is why it looks so bad.
Fuck no  I don't feel silly. I worked hard for that.
yooozers 20 442 damn homie!!!
i kept thinking u would be here at like 5 :( damn sorry dude. well man be careful and ill def try to see ya around new years.
  i never said i liked pryce.
- I agree. No More SteveNotes. Damn!
  hahaha!!! im the farthest from
 youd fight for lindsey? im a gurl. id love to see it
Damn if TJ doesn't like your music  it must really suck. This guy will cosign anything
Bitch!  You weren't following me!
I hate to harsh your buzz  but every game on the iPhone can roll the bones by shaking. Do not pass go  do not collect my $7.99
damn that store! ~*Krystle*~
 Hahaha  it kinda seems like it&;s one person just repeatedly asking you if you&;re fake to irritate you. They&;re a low life  who need to find better things to do than start crap on the internet with someone they&;re jealous of (;
lol whore bath...funny.
fuck you man lol they are like one of by favourite bands  you should get me some free merch lol
just terri and bwahahaha not a saint in the least...except for all those damn immaculate conceptions i had...MIRACLES i tell ya!!
 why are you still alive?
Listen  buddy  all of a sudden you've got lots 2 say! AND u have taken the fun OUT of the oxymoron! geesh! go back 2 watchin ass!
it is nice to have a social networking site dedicated just to footie. Have to weed the wannabe wags out  I think. Bummer.
certain things can't just be gotten over......I hate it when people think you should be.
700. you glutinous bitch!
Damn Jim idk what to say:/ Sorry man.
GET UR LAZY ASS OUT OF BED
Hey buddy  you've been kicking ass and taking names.  Keep up the good work.
Yo Sissahands! Why the fuck I aint on ya top-friends jawn on myspace n that homo Ivan is??
  Not currently. :/
  Uhh..i answered this i think  My Dad :) haha
Happy Fucking Birthday  my Bitch! Love you!
losing winter insulation is one of the horrific side effects of Biggest Loser that nobody warns you about. It's brutal!
do you think you are nudging me to change my update...WHORE NAILS!
yeah and I am the man in the relationship @kRockXP your my bitch.
oh  you'll get used to it.  Just learn to type less.   elmn8 vwls u dnt need.  Oh god  I feel like AIM whore...
Going to spend some time in Fort Myers with the in=laws. I am excited to be going but ughh...I sure hate the packing!! LOL
eddie izzard says the brits pronounce "herb" with the h "because there's a fucking h in it."
im horny god damn porn fuck eon now I need real cock. where's ashley!
argh  tell me about it :x i hate procrastinating... lol.
the early word is the spirit sucks... hard.  i'm a big fan of the eisner comics  but frank miller's take looks a little... meh.
...because you added me  numbnuts. (Also: be warned. Facebook chat + my connection & daniel's computer = Fail Whale)
  Mmmhm!
 If a kid refuses to sleep during nap time  are they guilty of resisting a rest?
 don&;t listen to the haters  you are pretty!
 If you could ask Barack Obama one question what would it be?
God.. that commute has to be a bitch dealing with.. driving back and forth from Raleigh to Fayetteville...
 Top 5 hottest men?
Be ready? Well damn. Yes sir  I will be ready!
 and then prue &amp; Phoebe from charmed came over but then the robots came back &amp; i had to run but some boy saved me lol #Random
is picking on me and my love / hate with google.
Fucking awesome! LOL!
ew u slut get on skype &lt;333333
  go back to sleep! hahaha
i hate sewing. Period.
  hahaha im pretty sure he has a girlfriend  and even if he didnt there are sooo many pretty girls than me.
  Not in the shower but i do in the stand up tanning beds hahahha
fuck...  lemme know if you'd like to work at criagslist
congratu-fucking-lations  miss jenna!
I'm sick of this bitch. He's wrecked enough of my life and I want him gone.
  love it
damn right
Judge Chevere at the Daley Center..she's hispanic and a bad ass! Too bad i'd never want to go to law school..
got damn man. that's nice!!
- we need to have desing discussions... none of the artists i work with give a fuck past thier day job about art :(
whoops .. Too bad I didn't get that tweet cuz I was knocked the fuck out.
lol i think she's a huge bitch BUT she's good at what she does and is entertaining at times :)
Damn  you've had more jobs than  um  er  well  you're just always employed! lol
- welcome to Twitter!  I'd love to see a Munchkin-themed Fail Whale ... :-)
  haha okay.r we are friends.
Sorry to hear that  lol. You are going to hate the keyboard for twitter & texting.
yeah i had to work and it sucks. the city is pretty much shut down.
oooh that sucks. ibuprofin
damn  sorry to hear it
 so whats up
attention whore!
no grown man should include DIP in his sentence....lol...I know I'm hatin but fuck it I'm lookin @ snow..lol
yeah  but w/ that running time u'll be there 2morrow. that mmovie is long as fuck.
 Are you a risk taker? If yes  what kind of risks had you taken? If not  why not?
  iDnt think ya ready for it !!
just use water  loser.
i have a headache too... hate having head aches...
 Does it bother you when strangers try to tell you what to do?
506 was damn funny. Although if it's a redirection it should be in the 300s.  :P
damn why you on ya old lady movement?
why the fuck this red light keep blinkin
Epic WINS for Fuck City&lt;3
 Has anyone told you a secret this week?
 Would you rather go a week without bathing  but be able to change your clothes  or a week without a change of clothes  but be able to bathe?
 What&;s something unique about Ohio? :)
Lobsters and ligatures? Are you a Portland-area type nerd  then?
 hey everyone  this is the girl that fakes ta
hate you both!!
U stupid bitch. I said Its in my car u always at work or chillin with then regis niggas.  Don't piss me off.
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
mark Ya! Dick head old man!
omg srsy?? I loved ami  kat would always piss me off. She was always mad for no reason.
sure you can  I'll hide the flashlight. go emo go!
i'm with you on the new yrs res! i'm 10lbs chubbier than i was 8 mos ago and i ALSO thought i was completely immune to fat! :(
Cool. I live in Seattle where the wind pretty much sucks (it's like San Diego  but Northier). So  I usually go to Hawaii 4 my fix
 Have you ever been to Six Flags?
 What was the last thing you ate?
oh... then yeah  that sucks :B
&#8212; I hate them  too.  Don't use them.  Worrying about whether users post your article to sites is a bit narcissistic  I think.
I just assumed when you said "meet" you mean suck his dick  cuz that's what you do when you go to "meet" people.
somewhat. now i know what i whiney  stupid bitch Bella is. :) i got it basically for my mom though.
 Do any of your friends have children?
 Would you rather be filthy rich with no friends or dirt poor with tons of friends and a dog?
damn girl. that was fire!
yeah cuz his show was on some wack ass arsenio for sports type shit  they need him in a jim rome type setting
Love to travel  but hate to unpack. ;)
  Umm its not really your business  maybe if i knew who you were i could tell you...
  movie night! or beach or what ever as long i am with friends :D
  About a month ago. For my yearly check up.
 Are you eating anything right now?
I love the new photo. Sexy  Gay Doris Day  in its own way
 dearest babydoll  vv Stop trying to start shit &amp;&amp; grow the fuck up. I mean really? Is this what you do for a living is ask people if they&;re fake &amp;&amp; ruin peoples lives? Grow some balls  grow up  &amp;&amp; stop starting stuff(:
 and it was an interesting question that i asked to get that hobo statement lol
Clint Eastwoods best movie he was a pig farmer!
 Damn woman you don't know your own strength.  LOL
 call you? why would i call you? huuuh? ohky ill give you a hint...16.04.10 where is you green dildo ;)
or it decides to fight back and the wires stab u in the armpit? Hate that.
Quit the gay ex and you wouldt sleep so much
Damn straight.
hahahahaha ROTFL! aww that was a damn funny slip up :)
I like the verses to the song....just not that lame ass auto tuning nigga on the hook
hate. you.
  ummmm..
lick on these nuts and suck the dick.
 Jac...bahahaha
 What&;s the longest you&;ve ever gone without a bath or shower?
 are children who act in R rated movies allowed to see them
  what song? wtf haha
  why thankyou =]
damn  hope you can work it out.
a constant receiver does not a giver make. Prepare to be Prison Bitch Blagojevich (new campaign slogan  it rhymes)
 Do you own a bathrobe?
I would be saying the same damn thing about you. LMAO idc if I know you I'd be like see that ridiculous bitch? RI-DIC-U-LOUS
#firstcar was a 1979 rust colored  small Subaru station wagon. It was a PoS but had 4WD & a bad ass kicker speaker in the back
 Say your driving down the road in the middle of the night and theres a kid on the side of the road screaming for help  do you stop?
 high heels or rubber shoes?
 favorite color?
I think i done bounced half my ass off LOL
Yeah I was working on some social media projects and it was just to damn cold!
damn... I thought i was smart! Thanks!!!
Besides  if you can hate something great like Rush  I can hate something horrible like John Stockton.
 Do you like to touch sharp objects?:
oh I hate disappointing kids - I figure the stress of the connection starting late teaches them a lesson for next time
man you reply pretty fast on that damn phone...
 Do you prefer hot coffee  iced coffee  or neither?
I hate that! We are supposed to get about 8" before the sleet comes. They will get at least one day of fluffy stuff!
ya luv to hate it right ha ha lol night night exercise queen :)
Wtf. Fuck you
Ok..ok I c u! Take it back on they ass why don't ya.. That sounds super CUTE!
 If you wanted to look very sexy  how would you dress?
bah humbug! J/K She is the shit  I always had the hots for her. Damn what happened to all this great music??
I hate that the x and c keys are right next to each other.  It had to be designed to keep us in trouble.
 i L o v e Y u h h ! ! ! ! (:
@lastlee...that movie was good...not boring...very gay....but equally good
 Have you ever seen a cloud shaped like a thing? What was it? lol
Not talking about incident but more so the attitude that I'm gonna bitch & make a comp do something on a subjective matter.
  I dont know but i did like pollyanna?
The job sitch sucks. My husband's a carpenter. Who do you think is building in this economy? NOBODY.
I've always heard. nerd: obsessed with learning stuff  geek: obsessed with a single topic (Star Trek)  dork: socially inept
it's fucking retarded hope that helps
 If you could have an endless supply of any food  what would you get?
Good is fucking Gracious? Sounds naughty...
Actaully  after you sent that I had to sit down for dinner.  Hate to break it to you  but grandma said you had to leave.
 how long have you gone with out bathing?
  Listener definitely chuz i get cut off alot so i just listen or ignore pplz!
according 2 Paris Hilton "diet coke is for fat people" so if her theory is accurate it unfortunately doesn't impact intellect
I'm kinda meh on it--It wouldn't even be a contest as Madonna would kick his ass while he was running around screaming.
how about  "cock-a-doodle-doo"?
  yes
And yes  a low-fat diet will definitely help!
no  you know you are a nerd when you read your tweet and think to yourself "I'm surprised he doesn't have it on his iphone yet"
Then she changed roles and she is a little less bitch from hell but still  her sting has too much barb.
  Nope.
it was fucking personalized. Damn it.
Let your hate for Gambit grow. Embrace it. Spread it.
I'm blocking you because you have no value. Go back to telemarketing  or some other loser marketing scheme.
If it wasn't for AT&T's spotty network  I'd switch in a heartbeat. That's where Verizon kicks some serious ass.
anytime love. hey how was that exam! i just remembered. and lol aint that a bitch re: liking people. it never seems to work right
LOL- I know how much u hate traffic- just know it was 10 times worse last night :)
 How&;s having like no friend&;s ?
  MUSE. I want to see them live real bad.
 Totally agree with you.  Fuck Prop 8.  very cool that apple came out publicly against 8 on the website.
lenee  that bo*o ass incense you gave me smells like an episcopalian funeral. lol! choked out saturday night  etc.
 OH AND!   that guy in dark knight totally was wearing guy liner... he's gay!
 you&;re the bitch :) fuck off.
jia..that is dead ass wrong
Yeah I enjoyed the old set too  but low prices  nerd lust  and a good offer for my old tv via craigslist and here we are.
I don't like social karma  much. Would rather skip it  but can't afford to piss my friend off any more :)
 "Self-serving confessions  meaning that one is tattling to cover own ass  im plicating another? "
Sorry you bitch punched TEO.
awe  how gay :P
@warley is a freak like that
  Shira? :)
That sucks! I only have one test next week and no classes in between that.
do you mind that? i hate that term.
"hatin ass" is one of my favorites. thank you.
- your design was so un-metal that it was hella-metal.  kim singhs's was bad-ass with the blingee pot leafs and purple pegasus.
hahah  ass :P hehe
 Would you get mad if i sprayed shaving cream all over your face?? I would!!!
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
the terms black/white hate are becoming antiquated  the fuss over Doug Heil was 4 not  & Social Media is changing the face of search
HOW DID YOU MET YOUTUBE BITCH?!
Fuck that  boo the DJs who don't play Che..Dude has at least 5 songs every DJ should be playin HEAVILY...DJs need to stop slackin.
  Yes actually i finally did. with timothy .
No God no. Fuck no. Fucking fuck god no.
those are fine  you know I hate cats
I like to look at it as "meeting their needs" not necessarily "kissing ass"... although if you can do both - do!
yea..brang yo ass down  son :) I'll be @ Essence again...Staying @ the W! (thanxxxxxx Sony woop woop n da poop poop)
 My pu$$zzy !z +hrobb!nq fo yo d!ck t@ q0 !n d@+ $h!+
damn trust me times are hard lol recession mang...I'm saving my dough blowin for new years...where did u go? Nostalga?
whatever about the Gay Byrne voiceover  shame on Eason's for running Christmas ads in early November!..
lollipop lolipop...oh loli loli loli....duh duh dum dum dum *Pop* Damn  im so bad at cheeeering people up &lt;3
damn australians!
I'M SO SORRY IF YOU THINK MY TRACKSUIT IS GAY. VICTORY. VENGEANCE. FOR MY STONE CHAMBER AND MY SWORD. MY SWOOOOOOORD!1
  hmm..dogs  cat  fish. Pretty average.
  I cannot listen to that Heavy metal! I like me some rock(oldies) bhut not that scary shit ;D
Grr... having given up meat  this burger talk is killing me. And God knows I hate being even remotely identified as a virgin.
  hahha laugh. really hard!! :)
THAT WAS FUCKING EPIC.
who the fuck is bur`li?
  ;)
Get the fuck out of my head. I was just thinking about doing a video to that song YESTERDAY!  We have ESPN!
I like some of the features it has over Twitteriffic. But it takes up way too much screen real estate. And AIR sucks.
 ha i would lovee to but i heard that im &quot;harassing&quot; youu so its a big no can do. ;P but maybe if we did get to know eachother we could spend some quality time togetherr [; hahaha
She's probably saying all kinds of phony shit and giggling like she's 13 years old. God  I hate her.
 Okay I am done spamming for right now. I will more later tonight. My husband is cooking dinner and I am about to eat. But please spam me back. And I hope you all have a great night! <3 -ChloroformGRL
 Have you ever wasted you&;re time on anybody?
lol no doubt. @latinas yeah they will cut yo ass in little tiny beans
That's your problem - fireplace sucks all the air up the chimney - only way to heat your house is to make air duct from outside.
 Damn :(
this job would be great if it wasnt for the fucking customers
I'd rather ban divorce than gay marriage. No question.
fuck yes
  Shutter Island for both. paid at the theaters :]
Ay nena..this punk is outta control. His visit went well tho..they took his stitches off but he was actin like a lil bitch whe ...
 Ey r u Cheyenne? I thought u live in Montana?????
 didnt u used to date matt carona?
what up freak nasty.
 you should ask her if shes still &quot;feelin it&quot; so you know for sure
 DUDE  ARE YOU SERIOUS YOUR SO STUPIDDDD >.> STFU!:) and btw  if your tired of people talking shit on your form spring  delete this accountt >.> and be yourself  are you that bad?
WOW ... that sucks - where you at .... Yeah got 2 papers to submit 2mmr - have no inclination to write those.
I iz calm now - cept I can't figure out how to properly edit my wordpress templates. NERD ALERT NERD ALERT.
 have you googled yourself lately?  bad ass aint no joke.
u r pussy. lulz.
 favorite song
So people are just ignoring me. :-( That sucks big time. LOL. Especially when I thought we were better than that. I see...I see..
damn! 2 racks? on what  might I ask?
 ew VVVVVVV
  Yodda
Rooster is LARRY'S bitch!
  nope.
  30 mins tops
Boo  to be fair they shouldn't give away your room. Kick their ass!
Are u serious?  That sucks.  Is it hard to get out of the new policies?
don't fuck with Fiat
  Happiness is too complicated to say yes or no. I like to think so.
Coke Zero should absolutely not exist. Cherry Coke Zero is alright  but I still say fuck it.
damn  you twitter like crazy!
Mine would be This Love  This Hate. It was the first one I ever heard of theirs. My favorite one not on the cd is The Natives.
i hate hate hate being snowed in! (how's that for a sum up?)
 I wanna play spin the bottle lol Have you played it? When was the last time? Mine was when i was 20 :)
 Have you ever hated that you loved someone? >.<
i forgot 2 call in gay 2day too! blast!
you'll be a a monit-whore.
 do humming birds hum because they dont know the words
 haha lifeless cunt stop writing on my wall you shit faced slut
- welcome to frisco on new years....damn crazy!
damn ecoterrorists! he shoulda just rented a helicopter  better for the enviroment anyways.
damn kid...condolences homie http://twurl.nl/i3pwps
Well get your ass busy!
 fav outdoor activity?
u know  that's what I hate about Ohio  seeing grown up idiots in shorts when it's freezing outside :0)
Read your post  "Sincerity Sucks."  Thank you! I feel less guilty for holding certain "sincere" people accountable for actions
*hugs*  fuck em.  Listen to ur Ipod   dont let da man get ya down.  :)
Funny that the guy's last name is Dick...bwaha! :-D
Y'know  it's very stereotyped emo.. I know plenty of older people who follow the trend / cult the whole way.
OMG  that is a total bitch! Those jerks play that game here too except they write big fine$ with the confiscations!
 yeah go ahead and play victim  i do know you nico. thats how i know your a player.
http://twitpic.com/rt32 - omg :/ sucks to be u. hope u got some good tunes going makes it more delightful to sit through.
fuck yo couch
 ! w@n+ yUh t@ m@k3 m3 $w3@+
  Always. haha sorry i didnt answer last night. I was half asleep when you called.
damn. I need to get me one of those... what do you call it... a hookup? Lol
  not standing up for herself.
You'd be television slut.
 you a big time texter?
listen to u...who's the FREAK now? LOL
  because so many people revolve they're lives around their cellulars. its pathetic really.
Has it snowed where you are?? I miss the damn snow. I haven't seen any in forever. Everyone has some snow but me :( lol
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
You're not a scrawny nerd! :)
go to urgent care? He does but he kissed me and smacked my ass hahaha. Yum.
 hehehehe(:
  yes i have before. many a times :P ha
fuck that!
 What message would you want to put in a fortune cookie?
I just needed an axcuse to share it.  I hate oatmeal  actually.
you need some sort of ... ass whoopin...
damn pilots use autotune too!!!! This shit has gotten out of hand LOL
  idk if i am really
PETA is an ass in the article  D. Big time.
Yes and I'm sure his monkey ass does too on the effin bus everydamnday!.
  It's been a while. Prolly like 6 months or so..r Which is pretty good being that I turned 21 on the 17th ;)
I know  they get in the damn way! They always have to be so cute and nice.
I bet they hate their lives deep down. They always treat me like an idiot when I'm there.
HI BEST FUCKING FRIEND!! REPLY ME JAJA  I LOVE YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!! MUA!! OR CK4U!
&lt;&lt;not fuckin w/ her lmmmao..Me walkin into ur party chuggin off a big ass mug shoulda beeen a sign lol
that sucks man...
damn herb you yelp A LOT. i looked up your yelp profile hehe.
something about piss should do. or zebras.
i hate passwords.
Damn  I wish you had that up a bit earlier. It would've been a great part of the Scramble.
  haha umm thats on the outside for people to buy beauty is on the skinny models but inside the store there's more for all shapes and beauty is really on the inside. the inside just doesnt sell
  huh?
emo!lol j/k
  Maybe...why?
Dick through brains
 best high school memory?
 Are you double jointed?
  yes :)
on the real  even though Tracee has the biggest ass outta all the "Girlfriends" i fux with Golden Brooks...
  qualtily :) of course.
what happens when you run out of Word of the Gay words. :)
my favorite is people who bitch about bad "grammer" and then use the possessive it as "it's" ... GAH!
 What is your best friend&;s Mom&;s name?
  st8
whos? ima slap the bitch.
you have officially been put on my bread stick mailing list. Fuck those rock republics and eat something already.
not really; i think i named all of them  which kind of sucks.
do you under stand how much i give a fuck?
 Hot or Cold?
LOL I did zackly same thing! BTW thanks for leading me to @ChipEFT Just reqd Born Loser's Guide to Abundance! http://rurl.org/18kr
 How tall are you?
  Kaylas house...
  Nope.
look out for the best line &quot;damn the budget&quot;
Lol. Ur a bitch. I've done Hondurans and Chileans  and I don't need some closet gay Peruvian dressing better than I do!
  yes.
niCE that totally kicks ass!!
there's nothing better than listening to music on shuffle and hearing you say "you bitch!" randomly in the middle of it.
Let that pussy freeze. Rotten bitey little bastard.
LOL  no he said  What do you call a jail cell to a gay guy? Paradise! ahaha.
  1 being least? then like 2. ive watched horror movies that scared the shit out of me lol
I nominate @IgortheTroll cuz he's thee Best Damn Troll we gots!! ;))
I both love and hate the sticks! I'm finally going home tomorrow.
@seanhackbarth It is a hate-fest  and that's the way I like it.
hate when that happens..glad you guys are getting settled in
I didn't want to say anything for fear of a split screen of @chrisbrogan driving down to kick my ass...
well yeah you got me there..master race my ass!
damn old people now a days they are the dangerous drivers
Yeah! This blond gay guy came to audition. I almost fell out of my chair when I saw him. He looked identical to chris corner!
  keep it inside. always
actually he took that damn Fat Joe song and just sped up the track... BUt i like Webstars better
 Could you  would you eat a caterpillar?
some peoples drama just sucks!
 i kicked ur ass on balloono A.K.A the bommer man thing i was lameguest(bunch of numbers)
SEND MO NEY....LOT'S OF MO NEY  Roflmao"
 What was the easiest time in you life?
 cmon babe just tell me ur favorite position i want to get ot know you and i want to know what ur favorite position is
 what others do you have?
Fuck a serato record  I was worried about my windows crackin..lol..I can live w/o a serato record  I don't have a backup window.
Taking the piss = talking trash  perhaps
  yes
He's an asshole. I'd fucking bean him  for love of the game. Not starring Kevin Costner.
 Ive just been chillin.<br>
I wanna butt fuck you. Cuz im a horny gremlin
that is one bad-ass Treasury! nice to see some new artists in the mix. I heart Charles Chuggypeg!
i have unknowlingly and unintentionally raised a science nerd.  shall i tell you what you're in for over the next 13 or so years?
  i dont no lol =]
  I don't mind household chores actually. but I guess I'd say dusting. I don't enjoy that :/ ha
aw I'm a cap too. I'm so gay. Anyway I'll be in ny around then...
& aww  that sucks :(
ROFL! You got me. Monkey would totally kick Bruce Lee's ass. I bow down to your superior wisdom.
Hey Navi! Whats going on with your damn Twitter account? Same issues eh? 2009 Time for a new start!
 What time do you have to wake up tomorrow?
notice they waited for me to leave before they kicked gordons ass. ps 90min wait at border.
Fuck that shit. I told people... "DON'T MAKE THAT ACCOUNT!" and someone had to do it. Fuck that shit.
No can do  Maria. I'm going out alone. Don't stress about your shitty wombat friend. He sounds like a loser. Get some sleep.
I miss you you crazy fuck.
  Its a chicken finger :]
  I just moved!! To my own apartment. So only one for me. haha but the building has 3.
http://twitpic.com/qtt0 - O.O bingo is waaaaay to hard for me. hate it. i wanna fuck it..wait thats didnt come out right
lol yeah  I coulda told you that cuz I'm a big fucking dorkass about that movie as wel all very well know :) I actually had a dream
i update from my phone a lot  you can add twitter as a contact. damn bsa is getting all high tech.
  I have no idea haha maybe fly so then like it doesnt matter what happens to the world i'd be safe coz i could fly away right?
 would you give a Homeless Person Money or food ??
 if u won 30 millon what would u do firstr
FUCKING ELLAS A RETARDED CUNT ALOT OF PEOPLE COULD DO A BETETER JOB THEN HERE SHES RACIST AGAINST BLACKS
yep  shoutem kicks ass :)
And you didn't even make it a dick joke? I feel like I don't know you.
lmao  yea i know i hate it D:
"You look nice today" makes me want to cut my ears off  but then I laugh my ass off & it's worth it all
yeah  I did that a few months ago. How's your show doing man?? looks kick ass!
LIES! I HATE HIM!
you're a nerd fail
I think loving the Sound of Music makes you a nerd  not a geek. It's a big club. I heart that movie.
  dont be silly  wrap ur willy! lol
 im a ninja if that helps
you were right  the uv filter that came with that kit sucks. freakin glare spots all over my shots
  Uhmm like 6th grade on a corner of a street. I was on my corner :O Lol jk and it was randi..
Stop getting so damn skinny and maybe your pants will fit! =P
  waldo. and helga. nahh jk  guys-lucas casey mclaine gabe jack dakota s. jake nathan girls- maddie cassie nicky
well lady  I'm all for u comin here from frisco to hunt my ass down;)
ahahaaa fuck him  they pulling desperado tactics
 Do you prefer Chinese or Mexican?
  I already answered that
go fuck yourself
oh  ow...i hate that.
I love them too. Though I have to say that Sylar is my favorite villian in the show. I love to hate him. Hehe.
Summer here is horrid - I hate humidity
 Who is the wind beneath your wings?
ah damn man! Good Luck!! You can do eeeeit!!!
 timmeh?
 Do you scream on rollercoasters?
hate to rub it in but it says 70 on the thermometer here. May have to do my beach walk early today to aviod sprinkles.
i know you hate cold weather  but if you get to see snow in indy  i will be jealous! i haven't seen snow in foreverrr.
Male Chauvinist Pig. :P
just don't eat a meal replacement bar.. I fucking threw up!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA (eww now thats fucking gross!) HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAAHAHAAH
and i look emo too cause i'm wearing like all black and shit and my chains are hanging out XD i need guyliner
  Haha nahh ive just fractured some thumbs bhut itz all good lol
Fuck you
 Do you love to party?
 what&;s your nationality?
Nope  didn't sound like an ass :-)
 Are you telling the truth if you lie in bed?
btw sir you are a ASS ty nuf said
you ate coffee? Canadians are fucking weird.
oooohh!! that sounds good!!! i haven't ever tried that one. damn! my ex held out on me. lol!
you might have just made a discovery in cosmetics! Use dark energy to destroy fat!
DAMN HO  You sick as FUCK!!!
sucks to be you...I have stopped traveling for the holiday's and your starting...too funny
Wow! That sucks.
i hate you.... you know why
stop hating on the tube...its this damn censorship thats pissing me off more
  sounds puuurty legit. :)
FUCK YEAH!
ummmm no offense  but 12 ounces....isnt that more than u weigh o'fuzzy guinea pig?  :)
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
Clearly. Decepticonian bitch. Or at least incomprehensible. We shall steal her bras!
how about "bitchling pig  suckas!"
damn that's cold! It is going to be in the 60's here and we still haven't had a snowstorm. I want snow!
Stop it! I keep thinking you're going to say he's here! Now I'm waiting vicariously through you! Dammit! I hate waiting for babies!
today feels like sunday.....damn lol
Thanks coke whore!
when can I meet your uncle??? Maybe he could give a wiki demo to our loser peeps!?
 Please stop harassing me on my formspring :(
OKAY... HE'S GAY ;)
  Y E S
 ever tried an ouija board?
how cum ur up?
yeah I've been to N.O. recently  damn shame.
@ryan_b yup. the design sucks. I wonder if Chris Bangle had anything to do with it. LOL. (joke for the purests out there)
That would freak me out if all my cards suddenly stopped.
  Yes. Its weird sometimes. But dreams are weird. haha
  nooo
@jenndow @JenF80 And you call ME a twitter-whore. XD
amazingly  i have yet to hit the one down the street with a molotov & scream "fuck the police" while doing so.
  Twitter
:( PS3's are fantastic devices. Kicks XBOX's ass :D
i hate you all
aw man  that sucks!
I hate how the corporate world wants americans to shave everyday.
 What was your last awkward moment?
Oh  that sucks. Feel for you. Glad all of mine get along. Well  except for 2 of the male cats. They tiptoe around each other.
Arsclan would freak on u.  Tower Def. is build series of midieval like towers (upgradable) near a pathway of continual attacks.
yes & i cant fucking wait!  I can hardly bring myself to review - i must but dont want to.
- oh yeah! Actually these were done with no calories  carbs or fat! Amazing eh? :-) -http://twitpic.com/v440
Awww damn why you gotta remind me! LOL
fuck that i've given up on him. nas is one album a way from being in the same standing with me
 gay or lesbians?
that sucks... so are there plans to get back together? or are they done?
  yea i don't like it when it's dirty
They're not my preference  but the app is so damn fast and thorough that I let it slide.
when they hate / sneak diss. that means you are doing TOO much. Asvice: fcuk em & keep goin.
Yeah... sucks.. But yo  I tried to go to your webpage link but it dont work? And wut school u go to? Howard?
 !M h00000rNyY f0 y@ d!(k n!qq@ ! w@n+ y3w t@ q0 h@rD on dH!S v@q!n@
yes. Freakin 17 and in college since i was 16 ugh! It sucks. Hah
damn I could have sworn they were working on another season  that was my show. oh well  I guess it's Entourage now...lol.
I laughed so hard when I first heard because my gay husband (good friend  lol) says code 3 when he has an emergency
  Yess :)
what are you gonna stab a bitch with? scissors? knife? spear? sword? cock? pencil? dildo? cattle prod? broken glass?
Damn dog  didnt call them like I said to? Well I is working till around 9ish
I hate Comic Sans. I have tried for 10 years to get it out of the schools. Teachers love it.
Hints in icing are bad or good? Skywriting sucks unless the hint is a very short word. I'd suggest a delicious tag for nerds.
Rosenberg stay fucking up it seems. lol. http://tinyurl.com/5fhths
Wow. Dick move there  Cobra Commander.
  i <3 blink.
I hate the fucking CTA. Fuckin' idiots.
Well  get yourself a sticky one that sucks to the chair then! LOL
resistance sucks  get cod5 or rock band 2 for 360. if you have to get a ps3 game  get mgs4.
Listen  RayRay  I gave you the lowdown as soon as I got it. I hadn't heard it b4 and I was shocked. She seems to hate his guts.
I hate input managers.  I really wish there was a way to opt out of loading them in individual cocoa apps.
How would they define failure anyway? People giving up and going back to reruns of The Biggest Loser?
damn thats crazy... so you've never known the joy of Cinnamon Toast Crunch or good apple pie? *sheds a tear
Did you see the Dick/Rich video yet?  http://tinyurl.com/697e3g
  haha thank you! haha
pimping your blog again  but damn funny.  specially including Connex
heck  there are stupid ass "gurus" telling their little sheep to infiltrate twitter to maximize profits.. LOL
cont. and you must RT EVERY LITTLE THING someone says  then DAMN do I feel SORRY for you and your friends.
Also entered the contest - Whore-ay!
I can hook you up w/ night vision cam w/ motion detect & rec. It'll cost ya.  I would use wild game cam from Dick's Sprting Goods
that is an awesome analogy/comment because turkey bacon sucks LOL If your going to have bacon it should be real!
ha! sucks for u!!
  deffo the star girls.......
 What would be harder for you  to tell someone you love them or that you do not love them back?
dig deep and find that special Christmas hate!
@petie_martin...shondor shabbos  that's what...shut the fuck up  donnie
@perrybelcher a she nerd with an attitude.
I hate that I couldn't guess MJ  that songs an obvious classic. Guess I need to take some time and listen to the 70s groove.
does your dick tan too?
wat a fag....
guess who made a fucking surprise in my dreams last night you butthead!!! thanks to you Martha Stewert loves my dreams! baaah
 do you think its possible for a human to sleep with there eyes open?
  Everything really! AHhaha Lovin my HipHop atm! Ester Dean is thee shyyttt!
I just needed an axcuse to share it.  I hate oatmeal  actually.
damn right I'm interested. I run beastsoftheeast.com
 Where was the last place you visited for days?
goddamn it kj...fuck you 74 times http://tinyurl.com/6q8olq
that's bad ass. I'm right on portage and wise. Hang outs and drukenness should ensue. If you need help moving hit me up
- you can trust me to do my part to help @adam_callender win his "biggest loser" contest.  ;)
@juiceegapeach Yall the dick hit me in the eye all the way in NC. I think Im in love with a gay man!
Your all weird. And allie is a drunk army slut!
wb. cum e pe la munte?
 I DO know you on a personal level. Bitch.
I would be saying the same damn thing about you. LMAO idc if I know you I'd be like see that ridiculous bitch? RI-DIC-U-LOUS
  i like to talk  yes.
ohh damn bummer
 You accidentally eat some radioactive vegetables. They were good  and what&;s even cooler is that they endow you with the super-power of your choice! What&;s it gonna be?
I especially hate it when they make me lift up my feet to sweep under my desk. Sigh.
yes  something like 60db @ 23 feet  so Cessna-level but damn power is good! @rockyd  I won't ever not have one again!
Maybe they're looking for Carl!!!  That damn Carl.
that sucks.  I do both at my work  which is a pain the rear-end too  because everyone thinks they're designers ;)
well I need The.Perfect.Dog. b/c the kids want one and I hate cleaning up after them. Not a big dog fan!
btw i saw your gift last night. You are going to freak out.
he's gay like u lmao. And the rest of the guys are alergic to fruits. *wink* lmao.
ah damn.
it totally sucks!!!  i had to call the stores with the fraudulent charges  filed a police report  sign a notarized affidavit
you should probably reattach your fucking ass for you have laughed it off.
why does eueryone hate american eagle? wat happened?
 hello mr gay fuck
Who would be ur premiere Ultimate Dumb Ass?
They beeped out "cock" .. eh gad! What do they do with vera on corination street with here "Coming to the rovers cock?"
like I said  I wouldn't even do it with your dick!
  It is possible actually. :]
 What&;s the quickest you&;ve fell for someone?
 Do you know where your Dad was born?
that karma is a bitch  HUH
are you aware that Layne refered to you as a "Twitter Whore" lol
NICE! Kicks my 200 Cain Concepts ass! and I thought I was living large. :)
I love that you love hockey! (even if I dont like your team- tho I hate the Avs too so we have smthing in common) Go 'Nucks!
  ahaha thankss kidd ndd yeah i knoo reallyy huh...theeree soo stupidd there to scaredd to sayy anythingg too myy face
Charisma Carpenter is a CUNT.  I also told her.
im meh about the whole thing. I love sari and all  but there's not much give a damn left about drama in me after wow.
you are GAY!!!!!
oh no...he grew out of it (after a few ass whippings)....he just steals girls hearts now (he's 20). But yea he was a baby klepto
I had to do that the other day  the bots are fucking annoying.
 Loser !! (; I miss u !
 What are your thoughts on earwax?
too late! you have to work boxing day too? that sucks.
Damn straight I am!  I want to be 50ft!  I also want to play Barbarella.  I'd be much better than Rose McGowan.
dawns a Fucking twat and @occultclassic that is the best song on the album
I nominate @jcroft for a Shorty Award in #down-ass-bitches because she totally is one.
we gonna make bklyn see what's up! Hell fucking yeah!
Sorry  I didn't end that sentence properly. Bitch.
You're a pig  you have a curly tail  for crying out loud!!! And you dare laugh at mine???
 Are you nice to people you dislike?
i hate those DIY post office things here in #ALB. no matter what the lines are still insane.
Yes  there is definitely an element of Bush fatigue in all this. Can't wait 'til we can ship his ass back to Texas.
He can't hear you  his head's too far up his own ass.
I feel the same way. I am still full and i hate a couple of hours ago
How do you do that? I HATE my Blackjack so much I have almost resorted to violence?
fuck you
oh  well yeah  I hate the elderly too.
I hate to tell you this; your good name is being used for phishing! You should change your password. http://status.twitter.com/
like tha new 50 shit fire.  finally sum club gangsta shit i neede that!!! hook is catchy as fuck and 50 whas rappin good.
 yeah it sucks i know  she was one spankin hot mofo
  hello :)
The same reason I hate that I love Matt Pond PA and Rhett Miller.
i hate sewing. Period.
damn dude you stay on the road!...lol
I thought 7lbs represented the weight of the burdeon on his shoulders. By the way the movie was pretty damn good wasn't it?
band nerd alert!! Lol
fuck you.
@indyank @harisn Sucks for me everytime..  Every single time.. and today the most.. :'(
Nope.  Carson City pretty much sucks ass.
I'm up too! whoopee fuck! not hung over AT ALL!
Hell yeah!!! And the best bit of movie dialogue ever..Jason says "I am NOT the gay!" ... OK Jason i belive you ;)
Oh my god  the summary ALONE. That is AMAZING. It reminds me of the fake SGA crackfic where everyone tells John he's fat!
w3wt! I was Fat Sam once :D
  control issues i guesss
lmao  yea Bush got that shit @ his ass  lol. Neva thought I'd c a president dodge a shoe
lol.. that sucks..it's so nice in miami... catching that ocean breeze from the balcony....don't want to rub it in...lol
  Being able to fly!!!!!!!!!!! :] but it would have to be all the time hahahha
Damn he's doing sneeks for Nike and Louis Vuitton? Dude's gonna be rolling in dollar...
 YHUUU READY TO GET YHUR A$$ BEat THIS SATuRDAYY?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!!??!?!????!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!??!!??!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!???!?!?!?!??!?!?!?
why do you know what a alligators ass smells like dude? See I KNEW yall Chitown people were freaky! 1st R. Kelly now u & gators!
HOT DAMN! Congratulations!
  correction.........sex..........its not rape if i enjoy it ;) lol
DAMN YOU! I just woke up and now this. DAMNIT! Oh baby PLEEEEEEASE! Give a little respect! TOOOOOO MEEEE! There  happy?
rock out with ur cock out dude!!!
Goodness I hate talkin to those that act stupid especially when u no they're not. What we do to ''make a dunut'' huh?
  SARCASTIC. :]
 5 favorite things to eat
maybe someone's being a dick and hogging up the connection..I dunno *shrug*
ps...ur cute...ur good looking  your funny  your a dick  your an ass  your cynical. I LOVE IT!
I did have a moment of seriously considering that. I mean... my Dirt Devil sucks. But I didn't plan on buying a new one soon
 Do you think people end up warped if they are not loved as a child?
well if i said slut i would have to include Fish in that category
 ability to fly or breath under water?
oh I hate that feeling!
yup - i hate not haveing energy.  Makes me impatient and crabby.
 Do you look for quality or quantity?
I would only fuck you if I was drunk... lulz.
kick his ass dude!!
 Is quizzes are quizzical what are tests?
.... nerd.... but I'm glad you are... when you get a chance can you update mine.. ha
they're not gross. U shaddup u fat ass HATER!!! & yes I made them for mark & my son.
having complained about Clearwire  I may wish I had it later. I love my iPhone but the AT&T service in this area really sucks.
yikes. That sucks. Sorry to hear that.
that sucks man. I feel for you
damn. I'm good to go for at least a week now
I thought Emo's don't "squeeee". I thought it was more of moan
holy fuck. i would just make pasta or something if i were you  that is ridiculous.
  yeah !
Radio sucks in the city as well at times  so imagine in other places....
. . . HE'S FUCKING HIMSELF!
THAT'S AN UGLY ASS PICTURE!
OH NOES! Like chocolate ales are really fucking tricky they either rock or suck cock I will totally have to google those tho
  Nope. I don't eat much meat actually but I don't think I need to label myself to eat what I want when I want it. lol. I lovee me some veggies <3
sheeeeit. i'll watch shawn bradley's 9-foot-tall ass get rejected by everyone including the rim any day.
Man that sucks. Srsly. I'd LOVE to see them live. But 500 dollars. Jesus.  ._.
WTF! Why did you not pick up your phone yet a mother fuckin gain! Are you trying to tell me something? I called you twice damn it
Faggoty fag fag. Gay secks man blowjob. Settle down.
bojangles? damn you! so jealous.
damn man kobaa e ??? :O
welcome to NJ! We aim to piss everyone else off.
wow  bang bros was the ish...haven't watched it for a while tho! :). damn  now I wanna see that! LOL
 What would you do if the cops busted in your door?
  nahhh
 yua gt dat liil &amp;&amp;H.B.M. fwum me yua needa cool iiT
 Have you ever thought about how life actually started?
need to have a talk with Vader... talking out his ass about Santa now...
Damn  I want to Milton  wish I could be there.  'Look homeward  Angel  now  and melt with ruth ' I guess.
yeah and I am the man in the relationship @kRockXP your my bitch.
Heh  his name's Jeremy (stupid little nerd  but he's up for any challenge.) And he's about to break  anyway.
don't hate!
!!!!!!!!!! ya bitch  u prove it
Yeah  she did this huge ass rant to me about how i'm going to die alone and how i'm going to regret ever breaking up with her.
goddamn it kj...fuck you 29 times http://tinyurl.com/6pey6r
damn  that sucks. it rocks having around 6 people working on different pieces of the control system.
 Hmm  What Questionss? Inbox Me Some Ideas ;]
  IDKKK!!!GOD?! Not understndin this ? srry its like 3am hah
I hate to harsh your buzz  but every game on the iPhone can roll the bones by shaking. Do not pass go  do not collect my $7.99
 Vv ouch </3 to me  hey I&;m going to sleep.  Please ignore my texts. And tonight don&;t call. Talk to you tomorrow...I guess
I heard it sucks...The effects were nice but it was a bad remake of the original.
lol tell her to go sit her ass down somewhere lol
Surprisingly  I found that Oz wasn't gay ENOUGH for me.
  Lil wayne
 i love youuuuuuu (:
  awwhhh thankyou!!!! your soo nice
I do but it sucks at scrabble.
- re: Conservative Leader of Manitoba - glad to know you remained polite & civil.  Did you tell him @StephenHarper is a dick?
hahaha did he freak out?
Called in gay? LMAO!
 Do you think people talk about you behind your back?
Damn iPhone made my Brad & Angelina pick blurry!  http://twitpic.com/rddb
  Dang. Peter Pan of course!
They say I have the best ass this side of fourteenth street.
that sucks dude.  so it was just your hard drive?
  kroger babay. its soooo better than walmart.
"And I said I was going to SLAP your ugly ass anyhow. awwwwww  what are you going to do  call t ... http://shortxt.com/9ytyj2r
Yeah  that would piss me off something terrible too... But you could regift it to a young relative...
agreed  damn good reflexes.
 do you think youre more serious or sarcastic?
Oooh  I'm so going there this weekend!! I just hate malls at Xmas time. Bah.
hahaha we would FUCK up some autotune. mo'fos would forget about T-Pain. word is bond. real talk talk. son.
ok that sucks. Someone needs to remind them about progressive enhancment....
  :)
 Have you ever asked someone out on a date?
The 4 major food groups are sugar  salt  alcohol  and fat. At least the American diet is.
What's new is this cold ass air out here in Cali! Totally unacceptable. You gotta get that playtime in ;)
 What is the kindest  most generous act you&;ve ever done?
dude.. That idea is upgrade as fuck. (btw  my phone finally added "fuck" to the vocab list.. THAT is upgrade as fuck.)
- you are a man of action. great work Daniel. don't forget to record your fat loss seminar!
Yup  gypsy bitch is one of my faves from devil doll
holy fucking jesus mother  gad damnit WTF? wow.
  Stars :]
 are you loyal?
 If you were a tree  what tree would you be?
that sucks man...
 What annoying habits does your best friend have?
I hate when I do that. ;0)
  I haven't been online for like three weeks hhaha
 whats wrong?
 If you could change one thing about the world  regardless of guilt or politics  what would you do?
holy jebus yes. that'll do just fine. fuck I love twitter. free chicken!
that would be nice  too.  because i hate feeling violated every month with no payoff.
i'm ok  now  darlin :)  i just hate my body sometimes.  it hurts me when it's most inconvenient.  i'll be ok... :) thank youuu
damn it!
 r IF today is tommorrow  and tommorrow is today  what day is today?!?r 0_0
you're assuming they can presently afford them?  leverage is a bitch.
from Ginger Pig - awesome bangers and double lamb chops! woooooooooooot1!!!!
Im so jealous. But I'll be eating that same rice pudding in 9 days. Enjoy the fuck out of your trip
you are welcome to spend the night any time... but next time you steal the covers  I'm gonna cunt punt you. Not really. :)
haha. that sucks though. if it's any comfort  i had a student break some of my XLR contact mics. gotta break out the iron now.
  hmmm i dont remember to be honest
 Do you want to get married?
  Txt me what?? Lol
I wonder if can write "Kevin Rudd Is A Cunt" for the next 30?
trust me. I'd love to say FUCK YOU GMAT! But Georgetown  Northwestern  and Uni of Chicago would say then FUCK YOU JG*
This week in fuck?